Installed Packages
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20171205-12.el9                     @appstream
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20171205-12.el9                     @appstream
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20180407-10.el9                     @appstream
alternatives.x86_64                                  1.20-2.el9                          @System   
annobin.x86_64                                       11.05-1.el9                         @appstream
asciidoc.noarch                                      9.1.0-3.el9                         @appstream
atk.x86_64                                           2.36.0-5.el9                        @appstream
audit-libs.x86_64                                    3.0.7-103.el9                       @System   
autoconf.noarch                                      2.69-38.el9                         @appstream
automake.noarch                                      1.16.2-6.el9                        @appstream
avahi-libs.x86_64                                    0.8-12.el9_2.1                      @baseos   
basesystem.noarch                                    11-13.el9                           @System   
bash.x86_64                                          5.1.8-6.el9_1                       @System   
binutils.x86_64                                      2.35.2-37.el9                       @System   
binutils-gold.x86_64                                 2.35.2-37.el9                       @System   
bison.x86_64                                         3.7.4-5.el9                         @appstream
boost-filesystem.x86_64                              1.75.0-8.el9                        @appstream
boost-regex.x86_64                                   1.75.0-8.el9                        @appstream
boost-system.x86_64                                  1.75.0-8.el9                        @appstream
boost-thread.x86_64                                  1.75.0-8.el9                        @appstream
byacc.x86_64                                         2.0.20210109-4.el9                  @appstream
bzip2.x86_64                                         1.0.8-8.el9                         @baseos   
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                    1.0.8-8.el9                         @System   
ca-certificates.noarch                               2022.2.54-90.2.el9                  @System   
cairo.x86_64                                         1.17.4-7.el9                        @appstream
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                 1.17.4-7.el9                        @appstream
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                              4.0-3.el9                           @appstream
coreutils-single.x86_64                              8.32-34.el9                         @System   
cpio.x86_64                                          2.13-16.el9                         @baseos   
cpp.x86_64                                           11.3.1-4.3.el9                      @appstream
cracklib.x86_64                                      2.9.6-27.el9                        @System   
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                2.9.6-27.el9                        @System   
crypto-policies.noarch                               20221215-1.git9a18988.el9           @System   
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20221215-1.git9a18988.el9           @System   
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.3.3op2-16.el9_2.1               @baseos   
curl-minimal.x86_64                                  7.76.1-23.el9_2.1                   @System   
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                2.1.27-21.el9                       @System   
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.12.20-7.el9_2.1                 @baseos   
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                             2.37-18.el9                         @baseos   
diffstat.x86_64                                      1.64-6.el9                          @appstream
diffutils.x86_64                                     3.7-12.el9                          @baseos   
dnf.noarch                                           4.14.0-5.el9_2                      @System   
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.14.0-5.el9_2                      @System   
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.3.0-5.el9_2                       @baseos   
docbook-dtds.noarch                                  1.0-79.el9                          @appstream
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                             1.79.2-16.el9                       @appstream
dosfstools.x86_64                                    4.2-3.el9                           @baseos   
dwz.x86_64                                           0.14-3.el9                          @appstream
dyninst.x86_64                                       12.1.0-1.el9                        @appstream
ed.x86_64                                            1.14.2-12.el9                       @baseos   
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                               6-2.el9_0                           @appstream
efivar-libs.x86_64                                   38-3.el9                            @baseos   
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.188-3.el9                         @baseos   
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64                    0.188-3.el9                         @System   
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.188-3.el9                         @System   
elfutils-devel.x86_64                                0.188-3.el9                         @appstream
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.188-3.el9                         @System   
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                         0.188-3.el9                         @appstream
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.188-3.el9                         @System   
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:27.2-8.el9_2.1                    @appstream
expat.x86_64                                         2.5.0-1.el9                         @System   
file.x86_64                                          5.39-12.1.el9_2                     @baseos   
file-libs.x86_64                                     5.39-12.1.el9_2                     @baseos   
filesystem.x86_64                                    3.16-2.el9                          @System   
findutils.x86_64                                     1:4.8.0-5.el9                       @System   
flex.x86_64                                          2.6.4-9.el9                         @appstream
fontconfig.x86_64                                    2.14.0-2.el9_1                      @appstream
fonts-filesystem.noarch                              1:2.0.5-7.el9.1                     @baseos   
fonts-srpm-macros.noarch                             1:2.0.5-7.el9.1                     @appstream
freetype.x86_64                                      2.10.4-9.el9                        @baseos   
fribidi.x86_64                                       1.0.10-6.el9.2                      @appstream
gawk.x86_64                                          5.1.0-6.el9                         @System   
gcc.x86_64                                           11.3.1-4.3.el9                      @appstream
gcc-c++.x86_64                                       11.3.1-4.3.el9                      @appstream
gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64                            11.3.1-4.3.el9                      @appstream
gd.x86_64                                            2.3.2-3.el9                         @appstream
gdb.x86_64                                           10.2-10.el9.0.1                     @appstream
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  10.2-10.el9.0.1                     @appstream
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.19-4.el9                        @System   
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                   2.42.6-3.el9                        @appstream
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                           2.42.6-3.el9                        @appstream
gettext.x86_64                                       0.21-7.el9                          @baseos   
gettext-common-devel.noarch                          0.21-7.el9                          @appstream
gettext-devel.x86_64                                 0.21-7.el9                          @appstream
gettext-libs.x86_64                                  0.21-7.el9                          @baseos   
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.5.0-6.el9                         @appstream
git.x86_64                                           2.39.3-1.el9_2                      @appstream
git-core.x86_64                                      2.39.3-1.el9_2                      @appstream
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.39.3-1.el9_2                      @appstream
glib2.x86_64                                         2.68.4-6.el9                        @System   
glibc.x86_64                                         2.34-60.el9                         @System   
glibc-common.x86_64                                  2.34-60.el9                         @System   
glibc-devel.x86_64                                   2.34-60.el9                         @appstream
glibc-gconv-extra.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         @baseos   
glibc-headers.x86_64                                 2.34-60.el9                         @appstream
glibc-minimal-langpack.x86_64                        2.34-60.el9                         @System   
gmp.x86_64                                           1:6.2.0-10.el9                      @System   
gnupg2.x86_64                                        2.3.3-2.el9_0                       @System   
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.7.6-20.el9_2                      @System   
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                3.2.0-1.el9                         @appstream
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200215-11.el9.2                   @appstream
gpgme.x86_64                                         1.15.1-6.el9                        @System   
gpm-libs.x86_64                                      1.20.7-29.el9                       @appstream
graphite2.x86_64                                     1.3.14-9.el9                        @baseos   
graphviz.x86_64                                      2.44.0-25.el9                       @appstream
grep.x86_64                                          3.6-5.el9                           @System   
groff-base.x86_64                                    1.22.4-10.el9                       @baseos   
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.24.31-2.el9                       @appstream
gtk2.x86_64                                          2.24.33-8.el9                       @appstream
gzip.x86_64                                          1.12-1.el9                          @System   
harfbuzz.x86_64                                      2.7.4-8.el9                         @baseos   
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-13.el9                         @appstream
hostname.x86_64                                      3.23-6.el9                          @System   
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                 1.4-4.el9                           @System   
info.x86_64                                          6.7-15.el9                          @baseos   
intltool.noarch                                      0.51.0-20.el9                       @appstream
java-1.8.0-openjdk-headless.x86_64                   1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.el9               @appstream
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       6.0.0-4.el9                         @appstream
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                 0.19-7.el9                          @appstream
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                  2.1-23.el9                          @appstream
jna.x86_64                                           5.6.0-8.el9                         @appstream
json-c.x86_64                                        0.14-11.el9                         @System   
kernel-headers.x86_64                                5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               @appstream
kernel-srpm-macros.noarch                            1.0-12.el9                          @appstream
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                 1.6.3-1.el9                         @System   
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.20.1-8.el9                        @System   
langpacks-core-font-en.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          @appstream
lcms2.x86_64                                         2.12-3.el9                          @appstream
less.x86_64                                          590-1.el9_0                         @System   
libICE.x86_64                                        1.0.10-8.el9                        @appstream
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.3-10.el9                        @appstream
libX11.x86_64                                        1.7.0-7.el9                         @appstream
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.7.0-7.el9                         @appstream
libXau.x86_64                                        1.0.9-8.el9                         @appstream
libXaw.x86_64                                        1.0.13-19.el9                       @appstream
libXcomposite.x86_64                                 0.4.5-7.el9                         @appstream
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.2.0-7.el9                         @appstream
libXdamage.x86_64                                    1.1.5-7.el9                         @appstream
libXext.x86_64                                       1.3.4-8.el9                         @appstream
libXfixes.x86_64                                     5.0.3-16.el9                        @appstream
libXft.x86_64                                        2.3.3-8.el9                         @appstream
libXi.x86_64                                         1.7.10-8.el9                        @appstream
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.4-10.el9                        @appstream
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.1.3-8.el9                         @appstream
libXpm.x86_64                                        3.5.13-8.el9_1                      @appstream
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.2-8.el9                         @appstream
libXrender.x86_64                                    0.9.10-16.el9                       @appstream
libXt.x86_64                                         1.2.0-6.el9                         @appstream
libacl.x86_64                                        2.3.1-3.el9                         @System   
libaio.x86_64                                        0.3.111-13.el9                      @baseos   
libarchive.x86_64                                    3.5.3-4.el9                         @System   
libassuan.x86_64                                     2.5.5-3.el9                         @System   
libattr.x86_64                                       2.5.1-3.el9                         @System   
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                 1.5.8-10.el9                        @appstream
libblkid.x86_64                                      2.37.4-11.el9_2                     @System   
libbrotli.x86_64                                     1.0.9-6.el9                         @baseos   
libcap.x86_64                                        2.48-8.el9                          @System   
libcap-ng.x86_64                                     0.8.2-7.el9                         @System   
libcbor.x86_64                                       0.7.0-5.el9                         @baseos   
libcom_err.x86_64                                    1.46.5-3.el9                        @System   
libcomps.x86_64                                      0.1.18-1.el9                        @System   
libcurl-minimal.x86_64                               7.76.1-23.el9_2.1                   @System   
libdatrie.x86_64                                     0.2.13-4.el9                        @appstream
libdb.x86_64                                         5.3.28-53.el9                       @System   
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.69.0-3.el9_2                      @System   
libeconf.x86_64                                      0.4.1-2.el9                         @System   
libedit.x86_64                                       3.1-37.20210216cvs.el9              @baseos   
libevent.x86_64                                      2.1.12-6.el9                        @System   
libfdisk.x86_64                                      2.37.4-11.el9_2                     @System   
libffi.x86_64                                        3.4.2-7.el9                         @System   
libfido2.x86_64                                      1.6.0-7.el9                         @baseos   
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.3-17.el9                        @appstream
libgcc.x86_64                                        11.3.1-4.3.el9                      @System   
libgcrypt.x86_64                                     1.10.0-10.el9_2                     @System   
libgomp.x86_64                                       11.3.1-4.3.el9                      @System   
libgpg-error.x86_64                                  1.42-5.el9                          @System   
libgs.x86_64                                         9.54.0-9.el9                        @appstream
libicu.x86_64                                        67.1-9.el9                          @baseos   
libidn2.x86_64                                       2.3.0-7.el9                         @System   
libijs.x86_64                                        0.35-15.el9                         @appstream
libipt.x86_64                                        2.0.4-5.el9                         @appstream
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                 2.0.90-6.el9_1                      @appstream
libksba.x86_64                                       1.5.1-6.el9_1                       @System   
libmodulemd.x86_64                                   2.13.0-2.el9                        @System   
libmount.x86_64                                      2.37.4-11.el9_2                     @System   
libmpc.x86_64                                        1.2.1-4.el9                         @appstream
libnghttp2.x86_64                                    1.43.0-5.el9                        @System   
libpaper.x86_64                                      1.1.28-4.el9                        @appstream
libpkgconf.x86_64                                    1.7.3-10.el9                        @baseos   
libpng.x86_64                                        2:1.6.37-12.el9                     @baseos   
libpwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.4-8.el9                         @System   
librepo.x86_64                                       1.14.5-1.el9                        @System   
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.15.2-6.el9.rocky.0.2              @System   
librsvg2.x86_64                                      2.50.7-1.el9_2.1                    @appstream
libselinux.x86_64                                    3.5-1.el9                           @System   
libsemanage.x86_64                                   3.5-1.el9                           @System   
libsepol.x86_64                                      3.5-1.el9                           @System   
libsigsegv.x86_64                                    2.13-4.el9                          @System   
libsmartcols.x86_64                                  2.37.4-11.el9_2                     @System   
libsolv.x86_64                                       0.7.22-4.el9                        @System   
libstdc++.x86_64                                     11.3.1-4.3.el9                      @System   
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                               11.3.1-4.3.el9                      @appstream
libtasn1.x86_64                                      4.16.0-8.el9_1                      @System   
libthai.x86_64                                       0.1.28-8.el9                        @appstream
libtiff.x86_64                                       4.4.0-8.el9_2                       @appstream
libtool.x86_64                                       2.4.6-45.el9                        @appstream
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                  2.4.6-45.el9                        @appstream
libunistring.x86_64                                  0.9.10-15.el9                       @System   
libusbx.x86_64                                       1.0.26-1.el9                        @System   
libuser.x86_64                                       0.63-12.el9                         @System   
libutempter.x86_64                                   1.2.1-6.el9                         @System   
libuuid.x86_64                                       2.37.4-11.el9_2                     @System   
libverto.x86_64                                      0.3.2-3.el9                         @System   
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.2.0-7.el9_2                       @appstream
libxcb.x86_64                                        1.13.1-9.el9                        @appstream
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.4.18-3.el9                        @System   
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                               4.4.18-3.el9                        @appstream
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.9.13-3.el9_1                      @System   
libxslt.x86_64                                       1.1.34-9.el9                        @appstream
libyaml.x86_64                                       0.2.5-7.el9                         @System   
libzstd.x86_64                                       1.5.1-2.el9                         @System   
libzstd-devel.x86_64                                 1.5.1-2.el9                         @appstream
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.19-2.el9                        @baseos   
llvm-libs.x86_64                                     15.0.7-1.el9                        @appstream
ltrace.x86_64                                        0.7.91-43.el9                       @appstream
lua.x86_64                                           5.4.4-3.el9                         @appstream
lua-libs.x86_64                                      5.4.4-3.el9                         @System   
lua-posix.x86_64                                     35.0-8.el9                          @appstream
lua-srpm-macros.noarch                               1-6.el9                             @appstream
lz4-libs.x86_64                                      1.9.3-5.el9                         @System   
m4.x86_64                                            1.4.19-1.el9                        @appstream
make.x86_64                                          1:4.3-7.el9                         @baseos   
mkfontscale.x86_64                                   1.2.1-3.el9                         @appstream
mokutil.x86_64                                       2:0.6.0-4.el9                       @baseos   
mpfr.x86_64                                          4.1.0-7.el9                         @System   
ncurses.x86_64                                       6.2-8.20210508.el9                  @baseos   
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.2-8.20210508.el9                  @System   
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.2-8.20210508.el9                  @System   
nettle.x86_64                                        3.8-3.el9_0                         @System   
npth.x86_64                                          1.6-8.el9                           @System   
nspr.x86_64                                          4.35.0-3.el9_2                      @appstream
nss.x86_64                                           3.90.0-3.el9_2                      @appstream
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.90.0-3.el9_2                      @appstream
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.90.0-3.el9_2                      @appstream
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.90.0-3.el9_2                      @appstream
nss-tools.x86_64                                     3.90.0-3.el9_2                      @appstream
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.90.0-3.el9_2                      @appstream
numactl-libs.x86_64                                  2.0.14-9.el9                        @baseos   
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                             6-6.el9                             @appstream
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                          2-11.el9                            @appstream
openjpeg2.x86_64                                     2.4.0-7.el9                         @appstream
openldap.x86_64                                      2.6.2-3.el9                         @System   
openssh.x86_64                                       8.7p1-30.el9_2                      @baseos   
openssh-clients.x86_64                               8.7p1-30.el9_2                      @baseos   
openssl.x86_64                                       1:3.0.7-6.el9_2                     @System   
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.0.7-6.el9_2                     @System   
p11-kit.x86_64                                       0.24.1-2.el9                        @System   
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                 0.24.1-2.el9                        @System   
pam.x86_64                                           1.5.1-14.el9                        @System   
pango.x86_64                                         1.48.7-3.el9                        @appstream
passwd.x86_64                                        0.80-12.el9                         @System   
patch.x86_64                                         2.7.6-16.el9                        @appstream
patchutils.x86_64                                    0.4.2-7.el9                         @appstream
pcre.x86_64                                          8.44-3.el9.3                        @System   
pcre2.x86_64                                         10.40-2.el9                         @System   
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                  10.40-2.el9                         @System   
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                               5.74-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-B.x86_64                                        1.80-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.50-460.el9                        @appstream
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                             0.66-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                              2.174-462.el9                       @appstream
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.19-4.el9                          @appstream
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                               2.58-4.el9                          @appstream
perl-DynaLoader.x86_64                               1.47-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-Encode.x86_64                                   4:3.08-462.el9                      @appstream
perl-Errno.x86_64                                    1.30-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17029-7.el9                     @appstream
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.74-461.el9                        @appstream
perl-Fcntl.x86_64                                    1.13-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-Fedora-VSP.noarch                               0.001-23.el9                        @appstream
perl-File-Basename.noarch                            2.85-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-File-Compare.noarch                             1.100.600-480.el9                   @appstream
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                2.34-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-File-Find.noarch                                1.37-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.18-4.el9                          @appstream
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                1:0.231.100-4.el9                   @appstream
perl-File-stat.noarch                                1.09-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-FileHandle.noarch                               2.03-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.52-4.el9                        @appstream
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                               1.12-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.39.3-1.el9_2                      @appstream
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.076-460.el9                       @appstream
perl-IO.x86_64                                       1.43-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.41-5.el9                          @appstream
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.073-1.el9                         @appstream
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                1.21-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                              3.16-4.el9                          @appstream
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20200520-6.el9                      @appstream
perl-NDBM_File.x86_64                                1.15-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                               1.92-2.el9                          @appstream
perl-POSIX.x86_64                                    1.94-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                3.78-461.el9                        @appstream
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-460.el9                      @appstream
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28.01-461.el9                     @appstream
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.42-4.el9                        @appstream
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:2.01-4.el9                        @appstream
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                        4:1.56-461.el9                      @appstream
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                              1.02-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-Socket.x86_64                                   4:2.031-4.el9                       @appstream
perl-Storable.x86_64                                 1:3.21-460.el9                      @appstream
perl-Symbol.noarch                                   1.08-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           5.01-461.el9                        @appstream
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.17-460.el9                        @appstream
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                              2.38-11.el9                         @appstream
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.30-460.el9                        @appstream
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2013.0523-460.el9                   @appstream
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                             3.14-460.el9                        @appstream
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               2:1.300-7.el9                       @appstream
perl-URI.noarch                                      5.09-3.el9                          @appstream
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                               2.46-9.el9                          @appstream
perl-base.noarch                                     2.27-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-461.el9                        @appstream
perl-generators.noarch                               1.11-12.el9                         @appstream
perl-if.noarch                                       0.60.800-480.el9                    @appstream
perl-interpreter.x86_64                              4:5.32.1-480.el9                    @appstream
perl-lib.x86_64                                      0.65-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.13-4.el9                          @appstream
perl-libs.x86_64                                     4:5.32.1-480.el9                    @appstream
perl-locale.noarch                                   1.09-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-macros.noarch                                   4:5.32.1-480.el9                    @appstream
perl-mro.x86_64                                      1.23-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-overload.noarch                                 1.31-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-overloading.noarch                              0.02-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.238-460.el9                     @appstream
perl-podlators.noarch                                1:4.14-460.el9                      @appstream
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                              1-41.el9                            @appstream
perl-subs.noarch                                     1.03-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-threads.x86_64                                  1:2.25-460.el9                      @appstream
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                           1.61-460.el9.0.1                    @appstream
perl-vars.noarch                                     1.05-480.el9                        @appstream
perl-version.x86_64                                  7:0.99.28-4.el9                     @appstream
pesign.x86_64                                        115-6.el9_1.rocky.2                 @appstream
pixman.x86_64                                        0.40.0-5.el9                        @appstream
pkgconf.x86_64                                       1.7.3-10.el9                        @baseos   
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    1.7.3-10.el9                        @baseos   
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                            1.7.3-10.el9                        @baseos   
popt.x86_64                                          1.18-8.el9                          @System   
pyproject-srpm-macros.noarch                         1.6.2-1.el9                         @appstream
python-srpm-macros.noarch                            3.9-52.el9                          @appstream
python3.x86_64                                       3.9.16-1.el9                        @System   
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.8.1-6.el9                       @baseos   
python3-dbus.x86_64                                  1.2.18-2.el9                        @baseos   
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.14.0-5.el9_2                      @System   
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.3.0-5.el9_2                       @baseos   
python3-gpg.x86_64                                   1.15.1-6.el9                        @System   
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.69.0-3.el9_2                      @System   
python3-libcomps.x86_64                              0.1.18-1.el9                        @System   
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.69.0-3.el9_2                      @System   
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.9.16-1.el9                        @System   
python3-pip-wheel.noarch                             21.2.3-6.el9                        @System   
python3-rpm.x86_64                                   4.16.1.3-22.el9                     @System   
python3-setuptools-wheel.noarch                      53.0.0-12.el9                       @System   
python3-six.noarch                                   1.15.0-9.el9                        @baseos   
python3-systemd.x86_64                               234-18.el9                          @baseos   
qemu-img.x86_64                                      17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 @appstream
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                               5.15.3-1.el9                        @appstream
readline.x86_64                                      8.1-4.el9                           @System   
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                             199-1.el9                           @appstream
rocky-gpg-keys.noarch                                9.2-1.4.el9                         @System   
rocky-release.noarch                                 9.2-1.4.el9                         @System   
rocky-repos.noarch                                   9.2-1.4.el9                         @System   
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-31.el9                          @System   
rpm.x86_64                                           4.16.1.3-22.el9                     @System   
rpm-build.x86_64                                     4.16.1.3-22.el9                     @appstream
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                4.16.1.3-22.el9                     @System   
rpm-libs.x86_64                                      4.16.1.3-22.el9                     @System   
rpm-sign.x86_64                                      4.16.1.3-22.el9                     @baseos   
rpm-sign-libs.x86_64                                 4.16.1.3-22.el9                     @System   
rsync.x86_64                                         3.2.3-19.el9                        @baseos   
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                              17-4.el9                            @appstream
sed.x86_64                                           4.8-9.el9                           @System   
setup.noarch                                         2.13.7-9.el9                        @System   
sgml-common.noarch                                   0.6.3-58.el9                        @appstream
shadow-utils.x86_64                                  2:4.9-6.el9                         @System   
shared-mime-info.x86_64                              2.1-5.el9                           @baseos   
source-highlight.x86_64                              3.1.9-11.el9                        @appstream
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                   3.34.1-6.el9_1                      @System   
strace.x86_64                                        5.18-2.el9                          @baseos   
sudo.x86_64                                          1.9.5p2-9.el9                       @baseos   
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  252-13.el9_2                        @System   
systemtap.x86_64                                     4.8-2.el9                           @appstream
systemtap-client.x86_64                              4.8-2.el9                           @appstream
systemtap-devel.x86_64                               4.8-2.el9                           @appstream
systemtap-runtime.x86_64                             4.8-2.el9                           @appstream
tar.x86_64                                           2:1.34-6.el9_1                      @System   
tbb.x86_64                                           2020.3-8.el9                        @appstream
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                      3.0.3-8.el9                         @System   
tzdata.noarch                                        2023c-1.el9                         @System   
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2023c-1.el9                         @appstream
unzip.x86_64                                         6.0-56.el9                          @baseos   
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-6.el9                      @appstream
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20200910-6.el9                      @appstream
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20200910-6.el9                      @appstream
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20200910-6.el9                      @appstream
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20200910-6.el9                      @appstream
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20200910-6.el9                      @appstream
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-6.el9                      @appstream
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20200910-6.el9                      @appstream
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20200910-6.el9                      @appstream
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20200910-6.el9                      @appstream
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20200910-6.el9                      @appstream
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20200910-6.el9                      @appstream
usermode.x86_64                                      1.114-4.el9                         @System   
util-linux.x86_64                                    2.37.4-11.el9_2                     @System   
util-linux-core.x86_64                               2.37.4-11.el9_2                     @System   
valgrind.x86_64                                      1:3.19.0-3.el9                      @appstream
valgrind-devel.x86_64                                1:3.19.0-3.el9                      @appstream
vim-common.x86_64                                    2:8.2.2637-20.el9_1                 @appstream
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                  2:8.2.2637-20.el9_1                 @appstream
vim-filesystem.noarch                                2:8.2.2637-20.el9_1                 @baseos   
vim-minimal.x86_64                                   2:8.2.2637-20.el9_1                 @System   
which.x86_64                                         2.21-28.el9                         @baseos   
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-58.el9                        @appstream
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch               7.5-33.el9                          @appstream
xz.x86_64                                            5.2.5-8.el9_0                       @baseos   
xz-devel.x86_64                                      5.2.5-8.el9_0                       @appstream
xz-libs.x86_64                                       5.2.5-8.el9_0                       @System   
yum.noarch                                           4.14.0-5.el9_2                      @System   
zip.x86_64                                           3.0-35.el9                          @baseos   
zlib.x86_64                                          1.2.11-39.el9                       @System   
zlib-devel.x86_64                                    1.2.11-39.el9                       @appstream
zstd.x86_64                                          1.5.1-2.el9                         @baseos   
Available Packages
389-ds-base.x86_64                                   2.2.4-5.el9_2                       appstream 
389-ds-base-libs.x86_64                              2.2.4-5.el9_2                       appstream 
Box2D.i686                                           2.4.1-7.el9                         appstream 
Box2D.x86_64                                         2.4.1-7.el9                         appstream 
CUnit.i686                                           2.1.3-25.el9                        appstream 
CUnit.x86_64                                         2.1.3-25.el9                        appstream 
HdrHistogram_c.i686                                  0.11.0-6.el9                        appstream 
HdrHistogram_c.x86_64                                0.11.0-6.el9                        appstream 
Judy.i686                                            1.0.5-28.el9                        appstream 
Judy.x86_64                                          1.0.5-28.el9                        appstream 
LibRaw.i686                                          0.20.2-5.el9                        appstream 
LibRaw.x86_64                                        0.20.2-5.el9                        appstream 
ModemManager.x86_64                                  1.20.2-1.el9                        baseos    
ModemManager-glib.i686                               1.20.2-1.el9                        baseos    
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                             1.20.2-1.el9                        baseos    
NetworkManager.x86_64                                1:1.42.2-8.el9_2                    baseos    
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                           1:1.42.2-8.el9_2                    baseos    
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                      1:1.42.2-8.el9_2                    baseos    
NetworkManager-cloud-setup.x86_64                    1:1.42.2-8.el9_2                    appstream 
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-redhat.noarch     1:1.42.2-8.el9_2                    appstream 
NetworkManager-config-server.noarch                  1:1.42.2-8.el9_2                    baseos    
NetworkManager-dispatcher-routing-rules.noarch       1:1.42.2-8.el9_2                    appstream 
NetworkManager-initscripts-updown.noarch             1:1.42.2-8.el9_2                    baseos    
NetworkManager-libnm.i686                            1:1.42.2-8.el9_2                    baseos    
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                          1:1.42.2-8.el9_2                    baseos    
NetworkManager-libreswan.x86_64                      1.2.14-1.el9.3                      appstream 
NetworkManager-libreswan-gnome.x86_64                1.2.14-1.el9.3                      appstream 
NetworkManager-ovs.x86_64                            1:1.42.2-8.el9_2                    appstream 
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                            1:1.42.2-8.el9_2                    appstream 
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                           1:1.42.2-8.el9_2                    baseos    
NetworkManager-tui.x86_64                            1:1.42.2-8.el9_2                    baseos    
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                           1:1.42.2-8.el9_2                    baseos    
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                           1:1.42.2-8.el9_2                    baseos    
OpenIPMI.i686                                        2.0.32-3.el9                        appstream 
OpenIPMI.x86_64                                      2.0.32-3.el9                        appstream 
OpenIPMI-lanserv.i686                                2.0.32-3.el9                        appstream 
OpenIPMI-lanserv.x86_64                              2.0.32-3.el9                        appstream 
OpenIPMI-libs.i686                                   2.0.32-3.el9                        appstream 
OpenIPMI-libs.x86_64                                 2.0.32-3.el9                        appstream 
PackageKit.x86_64                                    1.2.4-2.el9                         appstream 
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                  1.2.4-2.el9                         appstream 
PackageKit-glib.i686                                 1.2.4-2.el9                         appstream 
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                               1.2.4-2.el9                         appstream 
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                   1.2.4-2.el9                         appstream 
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                        1.2.4-2.el9                         appstream 
SDL2.i686                                            2.26.0-1.el9                        appstream 
SDL2.x86_64                                          2.26.0-1.el9                        appstream 
SDL2-devel.i686                                      2.26.0-1.el9                        appstream 
SDL2-devel.x86_64                                    2.26.0-1.el9                        appstream 
WALinuxAgent.noarch                                  2.7.0.6-9.el9_2.1.rocky.0           appstream 
WALinuxAgent-udev.noarch                             2.7.0.6-9.el9_2.1.rocky.0           appstream 
Xaw3d.i686                                           1.6.3-7.el9                         appstream 
Xaw3d.x86_64                                         1.6.3-7.el9                         appstream 
a52dec.x86_64                                        0.7.4-42.el9                        appstream 
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.001-10.el9                        appstream 
aardvark-dns.x86_64                                  2:1.5.0-2.el9                       appstream 
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.301-4.el9                         appstream 
accel-config.i686                                    3.5.0-1.el9                         baseos    
accel-config.x86_64                                  3.5.0-1.el9                         baseos    
accel-config-libs.i686                               3.5.0-1.el9                         baseos    
accel-config-libs.x86_64                             3.5.0-1.el9                         baseos    
accountsservice.x86_64                               0.6.55-10.el9                       appstream 
accountsservice-libs.i686                            0.6.55-10.el9                       appstream 
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                          0.6.55-10.el9                       appstream 
acl.x86_64                                           2.3.1-3.el9                         baseos    
acpica-tools.x86_64                                  20210604-5.el9                      baseos    
acpid.x86_64                                         2.0.32-6.el9                        appstream 
adcli.x86_64                                         0.9.2-1.el9                         baseos    
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                   2.030.1.050-12.el9.1                baseos    
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          40.1.1-3.el9                        appstream 
adwaita-gtk2-theme.i686                              3.28-14.el9                         appstream 
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                            3.28-14.el9                         appstream 
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            40.1.1-3.el9                        appstream 
adwaita-qt5.i686                                     1.4.1-3.el9                         appstream 
adwaita-qt5.x86_64                                   1.4.1-3.el9                         appstream 
afterburn.x86_64                                     5.4.1-1.el9                         appstream 
afterburn-dracut.x86_64                              5.4.1-1.el9                         appstream 
aide.x86_64                                          0.16-100.el9                        appstream 
alsa-firmware.noarch                                 1.2.4-6.el9                         appstream 
alsa-lib.i686                                        1.2.8-3.el9                         appstream 
alsa-lib.x86_64                                      1.2.8-3.el9                         appstream 
alsa-lib-devel.i686                                  1.2.8-3.el9                         appstream 
alsa-lib-devel.x86_64                                1.2.8-3.el9                         appstream 
alsa-plugins-arcamav.i686                            1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-plugins-arcamav.x86_64                          1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-plugins-maemo.i686                              1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-plugins-maemo.x86_64                            1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-plugins-oss.i686                                1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-plugins-oss.x86_64                              1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.i686                         1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                       1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-plugins-samplerate.i686                         1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-plugins-samplerate.x86_64                       1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-plugins-speex.i686                              1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-plugins-speex.x86_64                            1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-plugins-upmix.i686                              1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-plugins-upmix.x86_64                            1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-plugins-usbstream.i686                          1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-plugins-usbstream.x86_64                        1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-plugins-vdownmix.i686                           1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-plugins-vdownmix.x86_64                         1.2.7.1-1.el9                       appstream 
alsa-sof-firmware.noarch                             2.2.5-2.el9_2                       appstream 
alsa-tools-firmware.x86_64                           1.2.2-6.el9                         appstream 
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.8-3.el9                         appstream 
alsa-utils.x86_64                                    1.2.8-1.el9                         appstream 
anaconda.x86_64                                      34.25.2.10-1.el9_2.rocky.0.3        appstream 
anaconda-core.x86_64                                 34.25.2.10-1.el9_2.rocky.0.3        appstream 
anaconda-dracut.x86_64                               34.25.2.10-1.el9_2.rocky.0.3        appstream 
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                  34.25.2.10-1.el9_2.rocky.0.3        appstream 
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                     34.25.2.10-1.el9_2.rocky.0.3        appstream 
anaconda-install-img-deps.x86_64                     34.25.2.10-1.el9_2.rocky.0.3        appstream 
anaconda-live.x86_64                                 34.25.2.10-1.el9_2.rocky.0.3        extras    
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                  34.25.2.10-1.el9_2.rocky.0.3        appstream 
anaconda-user-help.noarch                            1:9.2.1-1.el9.rocky.0.2             appstream 
anaconda-widgets.i686                                34.25.2.10-1.el9_2.rocky.0.3        appstream 
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                              34.25.2.10-1.el9_2.rocky.0.3        appstream 
annobin-annocheck.i686                               11.05-1.el9                         appstream 
annobin-annocheck.x86_64                             11.05-1.el9                         appstream 
ansible-collection-microsoft-sql.noarch              1.3.0-3.el9                         appstream 
ansible-collection-redhat-rhel_mgmt.noarch           1.1.0-2.el9                         appstream 
ansible-core.x86_64                                  2.14.2-5.el9_2                      appstream 
ansible-freeipa.noarch                               1.9.2-3.el9_2                       appstream 
ansible-freeipa-tests.noarch                         1.9.2-3.el9_2                       appstream 
ansible-pcp.noarch                                   2.2.7-1.el9                         appstream 
ansible-test.x86_64                                  2.14.2-5.el9_2                      appstream 
ant.noarch                                           1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-antlr.noarch                                     1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-apache-bcel.noarch                               1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-apache-bsf.noarch                                1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-apache-oro.noarch                                1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-apache-regexp.noarch                             1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-apache-resolver.noarch                           1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-apache-xalan2.noarch                             1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-commons-logging.noarch                           1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-commons-net.noarch                               1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-javamail.noarch                                  1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-jdepend.noarch                                   1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-jmf.noarch                                       1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-jsch.noarch                                      1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-junit.noarch                                     1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-junit5.noarch                                    1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-lib.noarch                                       1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-swing.noarch                                     1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-testutil.noarch                                  1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
ant-xz.noarch                                        1.10.9-7.el9                        appstream 
anthy-unicode.i686                                   1.0.0.20201109-9.el9                appstream 
anthy-unicode.x86_64                                 1.0.0.20201109-9.el9                appstream 
antlr-tool.noarch                                    2.7.7-68.el9                        appstream 
apache-commons-cli.noarch                            1.4-17.el9                          appstream 
apache-commons-codec.noarch                          1.15-7.el9                          appstream 
apache-commons-io.noarch                             1:2.8.0-8.el9                       appstream 
apache-commons-lang3.noarch                          3.12.0-6.el9                        appstream 
apache-commons-logging.noarch                        1.2-29.el9                          appstream 
apache-commons-net.noarch                            3.6-14.el9                          appstream 
apcu-panel.noarch                                    5.1.20-5.el9                        appstream 
appstream.i686                                       0.15.5-2.el9                        appstream 
appstream.x86_64                                     0.15.5-2.el9                        appstream 
appstream-data.noarch                                1:9-20220302.el9_0.1                appstream 
apr.i686                                             1.7.0-11.el9                        appstream 
apr.x86_64                                           1.7.0-11.el9                        appstream 
apr-devel.i686                                       1.7.0-11.el9                        appstream 
apr-devel.x86_64                                     1.7.0-11.el9                        appstream 
apr-util.i686                                        1.6.1-20.el9_2.1                    appstream 
apr-util.x86_64                                      1.6.1-20.el9_2.1                    appstream 
apr-util-bdb.i686                                    1.6.1-20.el9_2.1                    appstream 
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                  1.6.1-20.el9_2.1                    appstream 
apr-util-devel.i686                                  1.6.1-20.el9_2.1                    appstream 
apr-util-devel.x86_64                                1.6.1-20.el9_2.1                    appstream 
apr-util-ldap.x86_64                                 1.6.1-20.el9_2.1                    appstream 
apr-util-mysql.x86_64                                1.6.1-20.el9_2.1                    appstream 
apr-util-odbc.x86_64                                 1.6.1-20.el9_2.1                    appstream 
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                              1.6.1-20.el9_2.1                    appstream 
apr-util-pgsql.x86_64                                1.6.1-20.el9_2.1                    appstream 
apr-util-sqlite.x86_64                               1.6.1-20.el9_2.1                    appstream 
aspnetcore-runtime-6.0.x86_64                        6.0.22-1.el9_2                      appstream 
aspnetcore-runtime-7.0.x86_64                        7.0.11-1.el9_2                      appstream 
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-6.0.x86_64                 6.0.22-1.el9_2                      appstream 
aspnetcore-targeting-pack-7.0.x86_64                 7.0.11-1.el9_2                      appstream 
assertj-core.noarch                                  3.19.0-5.el9                        appstream 
at.x86_64                                            3.1.23-11.el9                       baseos    
at-spi2-atk.i686                                     2.38.0-4.el9                        appstream 
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                   2.38.0-4.el9                        appstream 
at-spi2-atk-devel.i686                               2.38.0-4.el9                        appstream 
at-spi2-atk-devel.x86_64                             2.38.0-4.el9                        appstream 
at-spi2-core.i686                                    2.40.3-1.el9                        appstream 
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                  2.40.3-1.el9                        appstream 
at-spi2-core-devel.i686                              2.40.3-1.el9                        appstream 
at-spi2-core-devel.x86_64                            2.40.3-1.el9                        appstream 
atinject.noarch                                      1.0.3-6.el9                         appstream 
atk.i686                                             2.36.0-5.el9                        appstream 
atk-devel.i686                                       2.36.0-5.el9                        appstream 
atk-devel.x86_64                                     2.36.0-5.el9                        appstream 
atkmm.i686                                           2.28.2-2.el9                        appstream 
atkmm.x86_64                                         2.28.2-2.el9                        appstream 
atlas.i686                                           3.10.3-17.el9                       baseos    
atlas.x86_64                                         3.10.3-17.el9                       baseos    
atlas-devel.i686                                     3.10.3-17.el9                       appstream 
atlas-devel.x86_64                                   3.10.3-17.el9                       appstream 
attr.x86_64                                          2.5.1-3.el9                         baseos    
audispd-plugins.x86_64                               3.0.7-103.el9                       baseos    
audispd-plugins-zos.x86_64                           3.0.7-103.el9                       baseos    
audit.x86_64                                         3.0.7-103.el9                       baseos    
audit-libs.i686                                      3.0.7-103.el9                       baseos    
audit-libs-devel.i686                                3.0.7-103.el9                       appstream 
audit-libs-devel.x86_64                              3.0.7-103.el9                       appstream 
augeas.x86_64                                        1.13.0-3.el9                        appstream 
augeas-libs.i686                                     1.13.0-3.el9                        appstream 
augeas-libs.x86_64                                   1.13.0-3.el9                        appstream 
authselect.x86_64                                    1.2.6-1.el9                         baseos    
authselect-compat.x86_64                             1.2.6-1.el9                         appstream 
authselect-libs.i686                                 1.2.6-1.el9                         baseos    
authselect-libs.x86_64                               1.2.6-1.el9                         baseos    
autoconf-archive.noarch                              2019.01.06-9.el9                    appstream 
autocorr-af.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-bg.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-ca.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-cs.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-da.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-de.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-dsb.noarch                                  1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-el.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-es.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-fa.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-fi.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-fr.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-ga.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-hr.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-hsb.noarch                                  1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-hu.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-is.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-it.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-ja.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-ko.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-lb.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-lt.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-mn.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-nl.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-pl.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-pt.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-ro.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-ru.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-sk.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-sl.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-sr.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-sv.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-tr.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-vi.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-vro.noarch                                  1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autocorr-zh.noarch                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
autofs.x86_64                                        1:5.1.7-36.el9                      baseos    
avahi.i686                                           0.8-12.el9_2.1                      baseos    
avahi.x86_64                                         0.8-12.el9_2.1                      baseos    
avahi-glib.i686                                      0.8-12.el9_2.1                      appstream 
avahi-glib.x86_64                                    0.8-12.el9_2.1                      appstream 
avahi-libs.i686                                      0.8-12.el9_2.1                      baseos    
babel.noarch                                         2.9.1-2.el9                         appstream 
babl.i686                                            0.1.86-4.el9                        appstream 
babl.x86_64                                          0.1.86-4.el9                        appstream 
bacula-client.x86_64                                 11.0.1-5.el9                        appstream 
bacula-common.x86_64                                 11.0.1-5.el9                        appstream 
bacula-console.x86_64                                11.0.1-5.el9                        appstream 
bacula-director.x86_64                               11.0.1-5.el9                        appstream 
bacula-libs.x86_64                                   11.0.1-5.el9                        appstream 
bacula-libs-sql.x86_64                               11.0.1-5.el9                        appstream 
bacula-logwatch.noarch                               11.0.1-5.el9                        appstream 
bacula-storage.x86_64                                11.0.1-5.el9                        appstream 
baobab.x86_64                                        40.0-3.el9                          appstream 
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.11-4.el9                        baseos    
bc.x86_64                                            1.07.1-14.el9                       baseos    
bcc.x86_64                                           0.25.0-2.el9                        appstream 
bcc-tools.x86_64                                     0.25.0-2.el9                        appstream 
bcel.noarch                                          6.4.1-9.el9_1                       appstream 
bind.x86_64                                          32:9.16.23-11.el9_2.1               appstream 
bind-chroot.x86_64                                   32:9.16.23-11.el9_2.1               appstream 
bind-dnssec-doc.noarch                               32:9.16.23-11.el9_2.1               appstream 
bind-dnssec-utils.x86_64                             32:9.16.23-11.el9_2.1               appstream 
bind-dyndb-ldap.x86_64                               11.9-8.el9_1                        appstream 
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.16.23-11.el9_2.1               appstream 
bind-license.noarch                                  32:9.16.23-11.el9_2.1               appstream 
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.16.23-11.el9_2.1               appstream 
binutils.i686                                        2.35.2-37.el9                       baseos    
binutils-devel.i686                                  2.35.2-37.el9                       appstream 
binutils-devel.x86_64                                2.35.2-37.el9                       appstream 
biosdevname.x86_64                                   0.7.3-9.el9                         baseos    
bison-runtime.x86_64                                 3.7.4-5.el9                         appstream 
bitmap-fangsongti-fonts.noarch                       0.3-40.el9                          appstream 
blas.i686                                            3.9.0-8.el9                         appstream 
blas.x86_64                                          3.9.0-8.el9                         appstream 
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.6.0-5.el9                       appstream 
blktrace.x86_64                                      1.2.0-19.el9                        appstream 
bluez.x86_64                                         5.64-2.el9                          baseos    
bluez-cups.x86_64                                    5.64-2.el9                          appstream 
bluez-libs.i686                                      5.64-2.el9                          baseos    
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.64-2.el9                          baseos    
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                   5.64-2.el9                          appstream 
bmc-snmp-proxy.noarch                                1.8.18-25.el9                       appstream 
bogofilter.x86_64                                    1.2.5-8.el9                         appstream 
bolt.x86_64                                          0.9.5-1.el9                         baseos    
boom-boot.noarch                                     1.4-4.el9                           appstream 
boom-boot-conf.noarch                                1.4-4.el9                           appstream 
boom-boot-grub2.noarch                               1.3-3.el9                           appstream 
boost.i686                                           1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost.x86_64                                         1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-atomic.i686                                    1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-atomic.x86_64                                  1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-chrono.i686                                    1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-chrono.x86_64                                  1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-container.i686                                 1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-container.x86_64                               1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-context.i686                                   1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-context.x86_64                                 1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-contract.i686                                  1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-contract.x86_64                                1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-coroutine.i686                                 1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-coroutine.x86_64                               1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-date-time.i686                                 1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-date-time.x86_64                               1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-devel.i686                                     1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-devel.x86_64                                   1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-fiber.i686                                     1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-fiber.x86_64                                   1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-filesystem.i686                                1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-graph.i686                                     1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-graph.x86_64                                   1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-iostreams.i686                                 1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-iostreams.x86_64                               1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-json.i686                                      1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-json.x86_64                                    1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-locale.i686                                    1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-locale.x86_64                                  1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-log.i686                                       1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-log.x86_64                                     1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-math.i686                                      1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-math.x86_64                                    1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-nowide.i686                                    1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-nowide.x86_64                                  1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-numpy3.i686                                    1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-numpy3.x86_64                                  1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-program-options.i686                           1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-program-options.x86_64                         1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-python3.i686                                   1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-python3.x86_64                                 1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-random.i686                                    1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-random.x86_64                                  1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-regex.i686                                     1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-serialization.i686                             1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-serialization.x86_64                           1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-stacktrace.i686                                1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-stacktrace.x86_64                              1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-system.i686                                    1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-test.i686                                      1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-test.x86_64                                    1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-thread.i686                                    1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-timer.i686                                     1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-timer.x86_64                                   1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-type_erasure.i686                              1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-type_erasure.x86_64                            1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-wave.i686                                      1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
boost-wave.x86_64                                    1.75.0-8.el9                        appstream 
bootupd.x86_64                                       0.2.7-2.el9                         appstream 
bpftool.x86_64                                       7.0.0-284.30.1.el9_2                baseos    
bpftrace.x86_64                                      0.16.0-2.el9                        appstream 
brasero.x86_64                                       3.12.2-19.el9                       appstream 
brasero-libs.i686                                    3.12.2-19.el9                       appstream 
brasero-libs.x86_64                                  3.12.2-19.el9                       appstream 
brasero-nautilus.x86_64                              3.12.2-19.el9                       appstream 
brlapi.i686                                          0.8.2-4.el9                         appstream 
brlapi.x86_64                                        0.8.2-4.el9                         appstream 
brltty.x86_64                                        6.3-4.el9                           appstream 
brltty-at-spi2.x86_64                                6.3-4.el9                           appstream 
brltty-docs.noarch                                   6.3-4.el9                           appstream 
brltty-dracut.x86_64                                 6.3-4.el9                           appstream 
brltty-espeak-ng.x86_64                              6.3-4.el9                           appstream 
brltty-xw.x86_64                                     6.3-4.el9                           appstream 
brotli.i686                                          1.0.9-6.el9                         appstream 
brotli.x86_64                                        1.0.9-6.el9                         appstream 
brotli-devel.i686                                    1.0.9-6.el9                         appstream 
brotli-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.9-6.el9                         appstream 
bsdtar.x86_64                                        3.5.3-4.el9                         appstream 
bsf.noarch                                           2.4.0-43.el9                        appstream 
bubblewrap.x86_64                                    0.4.1-6.el9                         baseos    
buildah.x86_64                                       1:1.29.1-2.el9_2                    appstream 
buildah-tests.x86_64                                 1:1.29.1-2.el9_2                    appstream 
butane.x86_64                                        0.17.0-1.el9                        appstream 
byte-buddy.noarch                                    1.10.20-5.el9                       appstream 
byteman.noarch                                       4.0.16-2.el9                        appstream 
byteman-bmunit.noarch                                4.0.16-2.el9                        appstream 
byteman-javadoc.noarch                               4.0.16-2.el9                        appstream 
bzip2-devel.i686                                     1.0.8-8.el9                         appstream 
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.8-8.el9                         appstream 
bzip2-libs.i686                                      1.0.8-8.el9                         baseos    
c-ares.i686                                          1.17.1-5.el9_2.1                    baseos    
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.17.1-5.el9_2.1                    baseos    
c-ares-devel.i686                                    1.17.1-5.el9_2.1                    appstream 
c-ares-devel.x86_64                                  1.17.1-5.el9_2.1                    appstream 
c2esp.x86_64                                         2.7-24.el9                          appstream 
ca-certificates.noarch                               2023.2.60_v7.0.306-90.1.el9_2       baseos    
cachefilesd.x86_64                                   0.10.10-12.el9                      baseos    
cairo.i686                                           1.17.4-7.el9                        appstream 
cairo-devel.i686                                     1.17.4-7.el9                        appstream 
cairo-devel.x86_64                                   1.17.4-7.el9                        appstream 
cairo-gobject.i686                                   1.17.4-7.el9                        appstream 
cairo-gobject-devel.i686                             1.17.4-7.el9                        appstream 
cairo-gobject-devel.x86_64                           1.17.4-7.el9                        appstream 
cairomm.i686                                         1.14.2-10.el9                       appstream 
cairomm.x86_64                                       1.14.2-10.el9                       appstream 
capstone.i686                                        4.0.2-10.el9                        appstream 
capstone.x86_64                                      4.0.2-10.el9                        appstream 
cargo.x86_64                                         1.66.1-2.el9_2                      appstream 
cdi-api.noarch                                       2.0.2-6.el9                         appstream 
cdrskin.x86_64                                       1.5.4-4.el9                         appstream 
centos-release-ceph-pacific.noarch                   1.0-2.el9                           extras    
centos-release-ceph-quincy.noarch                    1.0-2.el9                           extras    
centos-release-ceph-reef.noarch                      1.0-1.el9                           extras    
centos-release-cloud.noarch                          1-1.el9                             extras    
centos-release-gluster10.noarch                      1.0-2.el9                           extras    
centos-release-gluster11.noarch                      1.0-1.el9                           extras    
centos-release-gluster9.noarch                       1.0-2.el9                           extras    
centos-release-messaging.noarch                      1-4.el9                             extras    
centos-release-nfs-ganesha4.noarch                   1.0-2.el9                           extras    
centos-release-nfs-ganesha5.noarch                   1.0-1.el9                           extras    
centos-release-nfv-common.noarch                     1-6.el9                             extras    
centos-release-nfv-openvswitch.noarch                1-6.el9                             extras    
centos-release-okd-4.13.noarch                       1-1.el9                             extras    
centos-release-okd-4.14.noarch                       1-1.el9                             extras    
centos-release-openstack-antelope.noarch             1-3.el9                             extras    
centos-release-openstack-yoga.noarch                 1-3.el9                             extras    
centos-release-openstack-zed.noarch                  1-3.el9                             extras    
centos-release-opstools.noarch                       1-12.el9                            extras    
centos-release-ovirt45.noarch                        9.2-1.el9                           extras    
centos-release-rabbitmq-38.noarch                    1-4.el9                             extras    
centos-release-samba414.noarch                       1.0-1.el9                           extras    
centos-release-samba415.noarch                       1.0-1.el9                           extras    
centos-release-samba416.noarch                       1.0-1.el9                           extras    
centos-release-samba417.noarch                       1.0-1.el9.0.1                       extras    
centos-release-samba418.noarch                       1.0-1.el9                           extras    
centos-release-samba419.noarch                       1.0-1.el9                           extras    
centos-release-storage-common.noarch                 2-5.el9                             extras    
centos-release-virt-common.noarch                    1-4.el9                             extras    
certmonger.x86_64                                    0.79.17-1.el9                       appstream 
chan.i686                                            0.0.4-6.el9                         appstream 
chan.x86_64                                          0.0.4-6.el9                         appstream 
check.i686                                           0.15.2-6.el9                        appstream 
check.x86_64                                         0.15.2-6.el9                        appstream 
check-devel.i686                                     0.15.2-6.el9                        appstream 
check-devel.x86_64                                   0.15.2-6.el9                        appstream 
checkpolicy.x86_64                                   3.5-1.el9                           appstream 
cheese.x86_64                                        2:3.38.0-6.el9                      appstream 
cheese-libs.i686                                     2:3.38.0-6.el9                      appstream 
cheese-libs.x86_64                                   2:3.38.0-6.el9                      appstream 
chkconfig.x86_64                                     1.20-2.el9                          baseos    
chrome-gnome-shell.x86_64                            10.1-14.el9                         appstream 
chrony.x86_64                                        4.3-1.el9                           baseos    
chrpath.x86_64                                       0.16-17.el9                         baseos    
cifs-utils.x86_64                                    7.0-1.el9                           baseos    
cim-schema.noarch                                    2.43.0-14.el9                       appstream 
cjose.i686                                           0.6.1-13.el9_2                      appstream 
cjose.x86_64                                         0.6.1-13.el9_2                      appstream 
clang.i686                                           15.0.7-2.el9                        appstream 
clang.x86_64                                         15.0.7-2.el9                        appstream 
clang-analyzer.noarch                                15.0.7-2.el9                        appstream 
clang-devel.i686                                     15.0.7-2.el9                        appstream 
clang-devel.x86_64                                   15.0.7-2.el9                        appstream 
clang-libs.i686                                      15.0.7-2.el9                        appstream 
clang-libs.x86_64                                    15.0.7-2.el9                        appstream 
clang-resource-filesystem.i686                       15.0.7-2.el9                        appstream 
clang-resource-filesystem.x86_64                     15.0.7-2.el9                        appstream 
clang-tools-extra.i686                               15.0.7-2.el9                        appstream 
clang-tools-extra.x86_64                             15.0.7-2.el9                        appstream 
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         39-2.el9                            appstream 
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                     39-2.el9                            appstream 
clevis.x86_64                                        18-110.el9                          appstream 
clevis-dracut.x86_64                                 18-110.el9                          appstream 
clevis-luks.x86_64                                   18-110.el9                          appstream 
clevis-pin-tpm2.x86_64                               0.5.1-2.el9                         appstream 
clevis-systemd.x86_64                                18-110.el9                          appstream 
clevis-udisks2.x86_64                                18-110.el9                          appstream 
clippy.x86_64                                        1.66.1-2.el9_2                      appstream 
cloud-init.noarch                                    22.1-10.el9_2.0.2                   appstream 
cloud-utils-growpart.x86_64                          0.33-1.el9                          appstream 
clucene-contribs-lib.i686                            2.3.3.4-42.20130812.e8e3d20git.el9  appstream 
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                          2.3.3.4-42.20130812.e8e3d20git.el9  appstream 
clucene-core.i686                                    2.3.3.4-42.20130812.e8e3d20git.el9  appstream 
clucene-core.x86_64                                  2.3.3.4-42.20130812.e8e3d20git.el9  appstream 
clutter.i686                                         1.26.4-7.el9                        appstream 
clutter.x86_64                                       1.26.4-7.el9                        appstream 
clutter-gst3.i686                                    3.0.27-7.el9                        appstream 
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                  3.0.27-7.el9                        appstream 
clutter-gtk.i686                                     1.8.4-13.el9                        appstream 
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                   1.8.4-13.el9                        appstream 
cmake.x86_64                                         3.20.2-8.el9                        appstream 
cmake-data.noarch                                    3.20.2-8.el9                        appstream 
cmake-doc.noarch                                     3.20.2-8.el9                        appstream 
cmake-filesystem.i686                                3.20.2-8.el9                        appstream 
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.20.2-8.el9                        appstream 
cmake-gui.x86_64                                     3.20.2-8.el9                        appstream 
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                              3.20.2-8.el9                        appstream 
cockpit.x86_64                                       286.2-1.el9_2                       baseos    
cockpit-bridge.x86_64                                286.2-1.el9_2                       baseos    
cockpit-composer.noarch                              45-1.el9_2                          appstream 
cockpit-doc.noarch                                   286.2-1.el9_2                       baseos    
cockpit-machines.noarch                              284.1-1.el9                         appstream 
cockpit-packagekit.noarch                            286.2-1.el9_2                       appstream 
cockpit-pcp.x86_64                                   286.2-1.el9_2                       appstream 
cockpit-podman.noarch                                63.1-1.el9                          appstream 
cockpit-session-recording.noarch                     12-3.el9                            appstream 
cockpit-storaged.noarch                              286.2-1.el9_2                       appstream 
cockpit-system.noarch                                286.2-1.el9_2                       baseos    
cockpit-ws.x86_64                                    286.2-1.el9_2                       baseos    
cogl.i686                                            1.22.8-5.el9                        appstream 
cogl.x86_64                                          1.22.8-5.el9                        appstream 
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-28.el9                            appstream 
colord.x86_64                                        1.4.5-4.el9                         appstream 
colord-gtk.i686                                      0.2.0-7.el9                         appstream 
colord-gtk.x86_64                                    0.2.0-7.el9                         appstream 
colord-libs.i686                                     1.4.5-4.el9                         appstream 
colord-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.5-4.el9                         appstream 
compat-hesiod.i686                                   3.2.1-16.el9                        appstream 
compat-hesiod.x86_64                                 3.2.1-16.el9                        appstream 
compat-libgfortran-48.i686                           4.8.5-36.5.el9                      appstream 
compat-libgfortran-48.x86_64                         4.8.5-36.5.el9                      appstream 
compat-openssl11.i686                                1:1.1.1k-4.el9_0                    appstream 
compat-openssl11.x86_64                              1:1.1.1k-4.el9_0                    appstream 
compat-paratype-pt-sans-fonts-f33-f34.noarch         20141121-23.el9                     appstream 
compiler-rt.x86_64                                   15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
conmon.x86_64                                        2:2.1.7-1.el9_2                     appstream 
conntrack-tools.x86_64                               1.4.7-2.el9                         appstream 
console-login-helper-messages.noarch                 0.21.3-1.el9                        appstream 
console-login-helper-messages-issuegen.noarch        0.21.3-1.el9                        appstream 
console-login-helper-messages-motdgen.noarch         0.21.3-1.el9                        appstream 
console-login-helper-messages-profile.noarch         0.21.3-1.el9                        appstream 
console-setup.noarch                                 1.200-4.el9                         appstream 
container-selinux.noarch                             3:2.205.0-1.el9_2                   appstream 
container-tools.noarch                               1-12.el9                            appstream 
containernetworking-plugins.x86_64                   1:1.2.0-1.el9                       appstream 
containers-common.x86_64                             2:1-52.el9_2                        appstream 
convmv.noarch                                        2.05-11.el9                         appstream 
coreos-installer.x86_64                              0.17.0-1.el9_2                      appstream 
coreos-installer-bootinfra.x86_64                    0.17.0-1.el9_2                      appstream 
coreos-installer-dracut.x86_64                       0.17.0-1.el9_2                      appstream 
coreutils.x86_64                                     8.32-34.el9                         baseos    
coreutils-common.x86_64                              8.32-34.el9                         baseos    
corosynclib.i686                                     3.1.7-1.el9                         appstream 
corosynclib.x86_64                                   3.1.7-1.el9                         appstream 
cracklib.i686                                        2.9.6-27.el9                        baseos    
crash.x86_64                                         8.0.2-2.el9                         appstream 
crash-gcore-command.x86_64                           1.6.3-2.el9                         appstream 
crash-trace-command.x86_64                           3.0-6.el9                           appstream 
createrepo_c.x86_64                                  0.20.1-1.el9                        appstream 
createrepo_c-libs.i686                               0.20.1-1.el9                        appstream 
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                             0.20.1-1.el9                        appstream 
crit.x86_64                                          3.17-5.el9_2                        appstream 
criu.x86_64                                          3.17-5.el9_2                        appstream 
criu-libs.x86_64                                     3.17-5.el9_2                        appstream 
cronie.x86_64                                        1.5.7-8.el9                         baseos    
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                1.5.7-8.el9                         baseos    
cronie-noanacron.x86_64                              1.5.7-8.el9                         baseos    
crontabs.noarch                                      1.11-27.20190603git.el9             baseos    
crun.x86_64                                          1.8.4-1.el9_2                       appstream 
crypto-policies.noarch                               20221215-1.git9a18988.el9_2.1       baseos    
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20221215-1.git9a18988.el9_2.1       baseos    
cryptsetup.x86_64                                    2.6.0-2.el9                         baseos    
cryptsetup-libs.i686                                 2.6.0-2.el9                         baseos    
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                               2.6.0-2.el9                         baseos    
cscope.x86_64                                        15.9-17.el9                         appstream 
culmus-aharoni-clm-fonts.noarch                      0.130-20.el9                        appstream 
culmus-caladings-clm-fonts.noarch                    0.130-20.el9                        appstream 
culmus-david-clm-fonts.noarch                        0.130-20.el9                        appstream 
culmus-drugulin-clm-fonts.noarch                     0.130-20.el9                        appstream 
culmus-ellinia-clm-fonts.noarch                      0.130-20.el9                        appstream 
culmus-fonts-common.noarch                           0.130-20.el9                        appstream 
culmus-frank-ruehl-clm-fonts.noarch                  0.130-20.el9                        appstream 
culmus-hadasim-clm-fonts.noarch                      0.130-20.el9                        appstream 
culmus-miriam-clm-fonts.noarch                       0.130-20.el9                        appstream 
culmus-miriam-mono-clm-fonts.noarch                  0.130-20.el9                        appstream 
culmus-nachlieli-clm-fonts.noarch                    0.130-20.el9                        appstream 
culmus-simple-clm-fonts.noarch                       0.130-20.el9                        appstream 
culmus-stamashkenaz-clm-fonts.noarch                 0.130-20.el9                        appstream 
culmus-stamsefarad-clm-fonts.noarch                  0.130-20.el9                        appstream 
culmus-yehuda-clm-fonts.noarch                       0.130-20.el9                        appstream 
cups.x86_64                                          1:2.3.3op2-16.el9_2.1               appstream 
cups-client.x86_64                                   1:2.3.3op2-16.el9_2.1               appstream 
cups-devel.i686                                      1:2.3.3op2-16.el9_2.1               appstream 
cups-devel.x86_64                                    1:2.3.3op2-16.el9_2.1               appstream 
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.3.3op2-16.el9_2.1               appstream 
cups-filters.x86_64                                  1.28.7-11.el9_2.1                   appstream 
cups-filters-libs.i686                               1.28.7-11.el9_2.1                   appstream 
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                             1.28.7-11.el9_2.1                   appstream 
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                  1:2.3.3op2-16.el9_2.1               appstream 
cups-libs.i686                                       1:2.3.3op2-16.el9_2.1               baseos    
cups-lpd.x86_64                                      1:2.3.3op2-16.el9_2.1               appstream 
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                0.2.6-14.el9                        appstream 
cups-printerapp.x86_64                               1:2.3.3op2-16.el9_2.1               appstream 
curl.x86_64                                          7.76.1-23.el9_2.2                   baseos    
curl-minimal.x86_64                                  7.76.1-23.el9_2.2                   baseos    
cxl-cli.x86_64                                       71.1-8.el9                          appstream 
cxl-libs.i686                                        71.1-8.el9                          appstream 
cxl-libs.x86_64                                      71.1-8.el9                          appstream 
cyrus-imapd.x86_64                                   3.4.1-7.el9                         appstream 
cyrus-imapd-libs.i686                                3.4.1-7.el9                         appstream 
cyrus-imapd-libs.x86_64                              3.4.1-7.el9                         appstream 
cyrus-imapd-utils.x86_64                             3.4.1-7.el9                         appstream 
cyrus-sasl.i686                                      2.1.27-21.el9                       appstream 
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                    2.1.27-21.el9                       baseos    
cyrus-sasl-devel.i686                                2.1.27-21.el9                       appstream 
cyrus-sasl-devel.x86_64                              2.1.27-21.el9                       appstream 
cyrus-sasl-gs2.i686                                  2.1.27-21.el9                       appstream 
cyrus-sasl-gs2.x86_64                                2.1.27-21.el9                       appstream 
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.i686                               2.1.27-21.el9                       baseos    
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                             2.1.27-21.el9                       baseos    
cyrus-sasl-ldap.i686                                 2.1.27-21.el9                       appstream 
cyrus-sasl-ldap.x86_64                               2.1.27-21.el9                       appstream 
cyrus-sasl-lib.i686                                  2.1.27-21.el9                       baseos    
cyrus-sasl-md5.i686                                  2.1.27-21.el9                       appstream 
cyrus-sasl-md5.x86_64                                2.1.27-21.el9                       appstream 
cyrus-sasl-ntlm.i686                                 2.1.27-21.el9                       appstream 
cyrus-sasl-ntlm.x86_64                               2.1.27-21.el9                       appstream 
cyrus-sasl-plain.i686                                2.1.27-21.el9                       baseos    
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                              2.1.27-21.el9                       baseos    
cyrus-sasl-scram.i686                                2.1.27-21.el9                       baseos    
cyrus-sasl-scram.x86_64                              2.1.27-21.el9                       baseos    
cyrus-sasl-sql.i686                                  2.1.27-21.el9                       appstream 
cyrus-sasl-sql.x86_64                                2.1.27-21.el9                       appstream 
daxctl.x86_64                                        71.1-8.el9                          appstream 
daxctl-devel.i686                                    71.1-8.el9                          appstream 
daxctl-devel.x86_64                                  71.1-8.el9                          appstream 
daxctl-libs.i686                                     71.1-8.el9                          baseos    
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                   71.1-8.el9                          baseos    
daxio.x86_64                                         1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.12.20-7.el9_2.1                 baseos    
dbus-broker.x86_64                                   28-7.el9                            baseos    
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.12.20-7.el9_2.1                 baseos    
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.12.20-7.el9_2.1                 appstream 
dbus-devel.i686                                      1:1.12.20-7.el9_2.1                 appstream 
dbus-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.12.20-7.el9_2.1                 appstream 
dbus-glib.i686                                       0.110-13.el9                        appstream 
dbus-glib.x86_64                                     0.110-13.el9                        appstream 
dbus-glib-devel.i686                                 0.110-13.el9                        appstream 
dbus-glib-devel.x86_64                               0.110-13.el9                        appstream 
dbus-libs.i686                                       1:1.12.20-7.el9_2.1                 baseos    
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.12.20-7.el9_2.1                 baseos    
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.12.20-7.el9_2.1                 appstream 
dconf.i686                                           0.40.0-6.el9                        appstream 
dconf.x86_64                                         0.40.0-6.el9                        appstream 
dconf-editor.x86_64                                  3.38.3-3.el9                        appstream 
dcraw.x86_64                                         9.28.0-13.el9                       appstream 
ddiskit.noarch                                       3.6-16.20221115gitde1f684.el9       appstream 
debugedit.x86_64                                     5.0-3.el9                           appstream 
dejavu-lgc-sans-fonts.noarch                         2.37-18.el9                         appstream 
dejavu-lgc-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                    2.37-18.el9                         appstream 
dejavu-lgc-serif-fonts.noarch                        2.37-18.el9                         appstream 
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                        2.37-18.el9                         baseos    
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                            2.37-18.el9                         baseos    
delve.x86_64                                         1.9.1-1.el9                         appstream 
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                            0.26-6.el9                          appstream 
devhelp.x86_64                                       1:40.1-1.el9                        appstream 
devhelp-libs.i686                                    1:40.1-1.el9                        appstream 
devhelp-libs.x86_64                                  1:40.1-1.el9                        appstream 
device-mapper.x86_64                                 9:1.02.187-7.el9                    baseos    
device-mapper-event.x86_64                           9:1.02.187-7.el9                    baseos    
device-mapper-event-libs.i686                        9:1.02.187-7.el9                    baseos    
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                      9:1.02.187-7.el9                    baseos    
device-mapper-libs.i686                              9:1.02.187-7.el9                    baseos    
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                            9:1.02.187-7.el9                    baseos    
device-mapper-multipath.x86_64                       0.8.7-20.el9                        baseos    
device-mapper-multipath-libs.i686                    0.8.7-20.el9                        baseos    
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                  0.8.7-20.el9                        baseos    
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                 0.9.0-13.el9                        baseos    
dhcp-client.x86_64                                   12:4.4.2-18.b1.el9                  baseos    
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.4.2-18.b1.el9                  baseos    
dhcp-relay.x86_64                                    12:4.4.2-18.b1.el9                  baseos    
dhcp-server.x86_64                                   12:4.4.2-18.b1.el9                  baseos    
dialog.i686                                          1.3-32.20210117.el9.0.1             appstream 
dialog.x86_64                                        1.3-32.20210117.el9.0.1             appstream 
disruptor.noarch                                     3.4.4-2.el9                         appstream 
dlm-lib.i686                                         4.2.0-2.el9                         appstream 
dlm-lib.x86_64                                       4.2.0-2.el9                         appstream 
dmidecode.x86_64                                     1:3.3-7.el9_2.1                     baseos    
dnf-automatic.noarch                                 4.14.0-5.el9_2                      baseos    
dnsmasq.x86_64                                       2.85-6.el9                          appstream 
dnsmasq-utils.x86_64                                 2.85-6.el9                          appstream 
docbook5-style-xsl.noarch                            1.79.2-13.el9                       appstream 
docbook5-style-xsl-extensions.noarch                 1.79.2-13.el9                       appstream 
dos2unix.x86_64                                      7.4.2-4.el9                         baseos    
dotconf.i686                                         1.3-28.el9                          appstream 
dotconf.x86_64                                       1.3-28.el9                          appstream 
dotnet-apphost-pack-6.0.x86_64                       6.0.22-1.el9_2                      appstream 
dotnet-apphost-pack-7.0.x86_64                       7.0.11-1.el9_2                      appstream 
dotnet-host.x86_64                                   7.0.11-1.el9_2                      appstream 
dotnet-hostfxr-6.0.x86_64                            6.0.22-1.el9_2                      appstream 
dotnet-hostfxr-7.0.x86_64                            7.0.11-1.el9_2                      appstream 
dotnet-runtime-6.0.x86_64                            6.0.22-1.el9_2                      appstream 
dotnet-runtime-7.0.x86_64                            7.0.11-1.el9_2                      appstream 
dotnet-sdk-6.0.x86_64                                6.0.122-1.el9_2                     appstream 
dotnet-sdk-7.0.x86_64                                7.0.111-1.el9_2                     appstream 
dotnet-targeting-pack-6.0.x86_64                     6.0.22-1.el9_2                      appstream 
dotnet-targeting-pack-7.0.x86_64                     7.0.11-1.el9_2                      appstream 
dotnet-templates-6.0.x86_64                          6.0.122-1.el9_2                     appstream 
dotnet-templates-7.0.x86_64                          7.0.111-1.el9_2                     appstream 
double-conversion.i686                               3.1.5-6.el9                         appstream 
double-conversion.x86_64                             3.1.5-6.el9                         appstream 
dovecot.x86_64                                       1:2.3.16-8.el9                      appstream 
dovecot-mysql.x86_64                                 1:2.3.16-8.el9                      appstream 
dovecot-pgsql.x86_64                                 1:2.3.16-8.el9                      appstream 
dovecot-pigeonhole.x86_64                            1:2.3.16-8.el9                      appstream 
dpdk.x86_64                                          2:22.11-3.el9_2                     appstream 
dpdk-devel.x86_64                                    2:22.11-3.el9_2                     appstream 
dpdk-doc.noarch                                      2:22.11-3.el9_2                     appstream 
dpdk-tools.x86_64                                    2:22.11-3.el9_2                     appstream 
dracut.x86_64                                        057-21.git20230214.el9              baseos    
dracut-caps.x86_64                                   057-21.git20230214.el9              appstream 
dracut-config-generic.x86_64                         057-21.git20230214.el9              baseos    
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                          057-21.git20230214.el9              baseos    
dracut-live.x86_64                                   057-21.git20230214.el9              appstream 
dracut-network.x86_64                                057-21.git20230214.el9              baseos    
dracut-squash.x86_64                                 057-21.git20230214.el9              baseos    
dracut-tools.x86_64                                  057-21.git20230214.el9              baseos    
driverctl.noarch                                     0.111-2.el9                         appstream 
dtc.x86_64                                           1.6.0-7.el9                         appstream 
dwarves.x86_64                                       1.24-2.el9                          appstream 
dyninst.i686                                         12.1.0-1.el9                        appstream 
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                     1.46.5-3.el9                        baseos    
e2fsprogs-devel.i686                                 1.46.5-3.el9                        appstream 
e2fsprogs-devel.x86_64                               1.46.5-3.el9                        appstream 
e2fsprogs-libs.i686                                  1.46.5-3.el9                        baseos    
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                1.46.5-3.el9                        baseos    
ecj.noarch                                           1:4.20-11.el9                       appstream 
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                     20221207gitfff6d81270b5-9.el9_2     appstream 
efi-filesystem.noarch                                6-2.el9_0                           baseos    
efibootmgr.x86_64                                    16-12.el9                           baseos    
efivar.x86_64                                        38-3.el9                            appstream 
efivar-libs.i686                                     38-3.el9                            baseos    
egl-utils.x86_64                                     8.4.0-12.20210504git0f9e7d9.el9.0.1 appstream 
egl-wayland.i686                                     1.1.9-2.el9                         appstream 
egl-wayland.x86_64                                   1.1.9-2.el9                         appstream 
elfutils-debuginfod.x86_64                           0.188-3.el9                         appstream 
elfutils-debuginfod-client.i686                      0.188-3.el9                         baseos    
elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.i686                0.188-3.el9                         appstream 
elfutils-debuginfod-client-devel.x86_64              0.188-3.el9                         appstream 
elfutils-devel.i686                                  0.188-3.el9                         appstream 
elfutils-libelf.i686                                 0.188-3.el9                         baseos    
elfutils-libelf-devel.i686                           0.188-3.el9                         appstream 
elfutils-libs.i686                                   0.188-3.el9                         baseos    
elrepo-release.noarch                                9.1-1.el9                           extras    
emacs.x86_64                                         1:27.2-8.el9_2.1                    appstream 
emacs-auctex.noarch                                  12.3-2.el9                          appstream 
emacs-common.x86_64                                  1:27.2-8.el9_2.1                    appstream 
emacs-lucid.x86_64                                   1:27.2-8.el9_2.1                    appstream 
emacs-nox.x86_64                                     1:27.2-8.el9_2.1                    appstream 
enchant.i686                                         1:1.6.0-30.el9                      appstream 
enchant.x86_64                                       1:1.6.0-30.el9                      appstream 
enchant2.i686                                        2.2.15-6.el9                        appstream 
enchant2.x86_64                                      2.2.15-6.el9                        appstream 
enscript.x86_64                                      1.6.6-28.el9                        appstream 
environment-modules.x86_64                           5.0.1-2.el9                         baseos    
eog.x86_64                                           40.3-2.el9                          appstream 
epel-release.noarch                                  9-7.el9                             extras    
esc.x86_64                                           1.1.2-16.el9                        appstream 
espeak-ng.i686                                       1.50-7.el9                          appstream 
espeak-ng.x86_64                                     1.50-7.el9                          appstream 
eth-tools-basic.x86_64                               1:11.4.0.0-201.el9                  appstream 
eth-tools-fastfabric.x86_64                          1:11.4.0.0-201.el9                  appstream 
ethtool.x86_64                                       2:5.16-1.el9                        baseos    
evince.x86_64                                        40.5-2.el9                          appstream 
evince-libs.i686                                     40.5-2.el9                          appstream 
evince-libs.x86_64                                   40.5-2.el9                          appstream 
evince-nautilus.x86_64                               40.5-2.el9                          appstream 
evince-previewer.x86_64                              40.5-2.el9                          appstream 
evince-thumbnailer.x86_64                            40.5-2.el9                          appstream 
evolution.x86_64                                     3.40.4-9.el9                        appstream 
evolution-bogofilter.x86_64                          3.40.4-9.el9                        appstream 
evolution-data-server.i686                           3.40.4-6.el9                        appstream 
evolution-data-server.x86_64                         3.40.4-6.el9                        appstream 
evolution-data-server-devel.i686                     3.40.4-6.el9                        appstream 
evolution-data-server-devel.x86_64                   3.40.4-6.el9                        appstream 
evolution-data-server-doc.noarch                     3.40.4-6.el9                        appstream 
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch               3.40.4-6.el9                        appstream 
evolution-data-server-perl.x86_64                    3.40.4-6.el9                        appstream 
evolution-data-server-tests.i686                     3.40.4-6.el9                        appstream 
evolution-data-server-tests.x86_64                   3.40.4-6.el9                        appstream 
evolution-ews.x86_64                                 3.40.4-1.el9                        appstream 
evolution-ews-langpacks.noarch                       3.40.4-1.el9                        appstream 
evolution-help.noarch                                3.40.4-9.el9                        appstream 
evolution-langpacks.noarch                           3.40.4-9.el9                        appstream 
evolution-mapi.x86_64                                3.40.1-5.el9                        appstream 
evolution-mapi-langpacks.noarch                      3.40.1-5.el9                        appstream 
evolution-pst.x86_64                                 3.40.4-9.el9                        appstream 
evolution-spamassassin.x86_64                        3.40.4-9.el9                        appstream 
exchange-bmc-os-info.noarch                          1.8.18-25.el9                       appstream 
exempi.i686                                          2.6.0-0.2.20211007gite23c213.el9    appstream 
exempi.x86_64                                        2.6.0-0.2.20211007gite23c213.el9    appstream 
exfatprogs.x86_64                                    1.1.3-3.el9                         baseos    
exiv2.x86_64                                         0.27.5-2.el9                        appstream 
exiv2-libs.i686                                      0.27.5-2.el9                        appstream 
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                    0.27.5-2.el9                        appstream 
expat.i686                                           2.5.0-1.el9                         baseos    
expat-devel.i686                                     2.5.0-1.el9                         appstream 
expat-devel.x86_64                                   2.5.0-1.el9                         appstream 
expect.x86_64                                        5.45.4-15.el9                       appstream 
fabtests.x86_64                                      1.17.0-2.el9                        appstream 
fapolicyd.x86_64                                     1.1.3-104.el9                       appstream 
fapolicyd-selinux.noarch                             1.1.3-104.el9                       appstream 
fcoe-utils.x86_64                                    1.0.34-0.git14ef0d2.el9             baseos    
fdk-aac-free.i686                                    2.0.0-8.el9                         appstream 
fdk-aac-free.x86_64                                  2.0.0-8.el9                         appstream 
fdo-admin-cli.x86_64                                 0.4.12-4.el9_2                      appstream 
fdo-client.x86_64                                    0.4.12-4.el9_2                      appstream 
fdo-init.x86_64                                      0.4.12-4.el9_2                      appstream 
fdo-manufacturing-server.x86_64                      0.4.12-4.el9_2                      appstream 
fdo-owner-cli.x86_64                                 0.4.12-4.el9_2                      appstream 
fdo-owner-onboarding-server.x86_64                   0.4.12-4.el9_2                      appstream 
fdo-rendezvous-server.x86_64                         0.4.12-4.el9_2                      appstream 
fence-agents-common.noarch                           4.10.0-43.el9                       appstream 
fence-agents-compute.x86_64                          4.10.0-43.el9                       appstream 
fence-agents-ibm-powervs.noarch                      4.10.0-43.el9                       appstream 
fence-agents-ibm-vpc.noarch                          4.10.0-43.el9                       appstream 
fence-agents-kubevirt.x86_64                         4.10.0-43.el9                       appstream 
fence-agents-virsh.noarch                            4.10.0-43.el9                       appstream 
fence-virt.x86_64                                    4.10.0-43.el9                       appstream 
fence-virtd.x86_64                                   4.10.0-43.el9                       appstream 
fence-virtd-cpg.x86_64                               4.10.0-43.el9                       appstream 
fence-virtd-libvirt.x86_64                           4.10.0-43.el9                       appstream 
fence-virtd-multicast.x86_64                         4.10.0-43.el9                       appstream 
fence-virtd-serial.x86_64                            4.10.0-43.el9                       appstream 
fence-virtd-tcp.x86_64                               4.10.0-43.el9                       appstream 
festival.x86_64                                      2.5.0-17.el9                        appstream 
festival-data.noarch                                 2.5.0-17.el9                        appstream 
festvox-slt-arctic-hts.noarch                        2.5.0-17.el9                        appstream 
fetchmail.x86_64                                     6.4.24-1.el9                        appstream 
fftw.i686                                            3.3.8-12.el9                        appstream 
fftw.x86_64                                          3.3.8-12.el9                        appstream 
fftw-devel.i686                                      3.3.8-12.el9                        appstream 
fftw-devel.x86_64                                    3.3.8-12.el9                        appstream 
fftw-libs.i686                                       3.3.8-12.el9                        appstream 
fftw-libs.x86_64                                     3.3.8-12.el9                        appstream 
fftw-libs-double.i686                                3.3.8-12.el9                        appstream 
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                              3.3.8-12.el9                        appstream 
fftw-libs-long.i686                                  3.3.8-12.el9                        appstream 
fftw-libs-long.x86_64                                3.3.8-12.el9                        appstream 
fftw-libs-quad.i686                                  3.3.8-12.el9                        appstream 
fftw-libs-quad.x86_64                                3.3.8-12.el9                        appstream 
fftw-libs-single.i686                                3.3.8-12.el9                        appstream 
fftw-libs-single.x86_64                              3.3.8-12.el9                        appstream 
fftw-static.i686                                     3.3.8-12.el9                        appstream 
fftw-static.x86_64                                   3.3.8-12.el9                        appstream 
file-libs.i686                                       5.39-12.1.el9_2                     baseos    
fio.x86_64                                           3.27-8.el9                          appstream 
fio-engine-dev-dax.x86_64                            3.27-8.el9                          appstream 
fio-engine-http.x86_64                               3.27-8.el9                          appstream 
fio-engine-libaio.x86_64                             3.27-8.el9                          appstream 
fio-engine-libpmem.x86_64                            3.27-8.el9                          appstream 
fio-engine-nbd.x86_64                                3.27-8.el9                          appstream 
fio-engine-pmemblk.x86_64                            3.27-8.el9                          appstream 
fio-engine-rados.x86_64                              3.27-8.el9                          appstream 
fio-engine-rbd.x86_64                                3.27-8.el9                          appstream 
fio-engine-rdma.x86_64                               3.27-8.el9                          appstream 
firefox.x86_64                                       102.15.1-1.el9_2                    appstream 
firefox-x11.x86_64                                   102.15.1-1.el9_2                    appstream 
firewall-applet.noarch                               1.2.1-1.el9                         appstream 
firewall-config.noarch                               1.2.1-1.el9                         appstream 
firewalld.noarch                                     1.2.1-1.el9                         baseos    
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          1.2.1-1.el9                         baseos    
flac-libs.i686                                       1.3.3-10.el9_2.1                    appstream 
flac-libs.x86_64                                     1.3.3-10.el9_2.1                    appstream 
flashrom.i686                                        1.2-10.el9                          appstream 
flashrom.x86_64                                      1.2-10.el9                          appstream 
flatpak.x86_64                                       1.12.7-2.el9                        appstream 
flatpak-builder.x86_64                               1.2.2-1.el9                         appstream 
flatpak-libs.i686                                    1.12.7-2.el9                        appstream 
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                  1.12.7-2.el9                        appstream 
flatpak-selinux.noarch                               1.12.7-2.el9                        appstream 
flatpak-session-helper.x86_64                        1.12.7-2.el9                        appstream 
flatpak-spawn.x86_64                                 1.0.5-1.el9                         appstream 
flatpak-xdg-utils.x86_64                             1.0.5-1.el9                         appstream 
flex-doc.x86_64                                      2.6.4-9.el9                         appstream 
flexiblas.i686                                       3.0.4-8.el9                         appstream 
flexiblas.x86_64                                     3.0.4-8.el9                         appstream 
flexiblas-netlib.i686                                3.0.4-8.el9                         appstream 
flexiblas-netlib.x86_64                              3.0.4-8.el9                         appstream 
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.i686                       3.0.4-8.el9                         appstream 
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.x86_64                     3.0.4-8.el9                         appstream 
flite.i686                                           1.3-40.el9                          appstream 
flite.x86_64                                         1.3-40.el9                          appstream 
fltk.i686                                            1.3.8-1.el9                         appstream 
fltk.x86_64                                          1.3.8-1.el9                         appstream 
flute.noarch                                         1.3.0-27.OOo31.el9                  appstream 
fontawesome-fonts.noarch                             1:4.7.0-13.el9                      appstream 
fontconfig.i686                                      2.14.0-2.el9_1                      appstream 
fontconfig-devel.i686                                2.14.0-2.el9_1                      appstream 
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                              2.14.0-2.el9_1                      appstream 
foomatic.x86_64                                      4.0.13-19.el9                       appstream 
foomatic-db.noarch                                   4.0-72.20210209.el9                 appstream 
foomatic-db-filesystem.noarch                        4.0-72.20210209.el9                 appstream 
foomatic-db-ppds.noarch                              4.0-72.20210209.el9                 appstream 
fprintd.x86_64                                       1.94.0-3.el9                        appstream 
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                   1.94.0-3.el9                        appstream 
freeglut.i686                                        3.2.1-9.el9                         appstream 
freeglut.x86_64                                      3.2.1-9.el9                         appstream 
freeglut-devel.i686                                  3.2.1-9.el9                         appstream 
freeglut-devel.x86_64                                3.2.1-9.el9                         appstream 
freeipmi.i686                                        1.6.9-1.el9.0.1                     appstream 
freeipmi.x86_64                                      1.6.9-1.el9.0.1                     appstream 
freeipmi-bmc-watchdog.x86_64                         1.6.9-1.el9.0.1                     appstream 
freeipmi-ipmidetectd.x86_64                          1.6.9-1.el9.0.1                     appstream 
freeipmi-ipmiseld.x86_64                             1.6.9-1.el9.0.1                     appstream 
freeradius.x86_64                                    3.0.21-37.el9                       appstream 
freeradius-devel.x86_64                              3.0.21-37.el9                       appstream 
freeradius-doc.x86_64                                3.0.21-37.el9                       appstream 
freeradius-krb5.x86_64                               3.0.21-37.el9                       appstream 
freeradius-ldap.x86_64                               3.0.21-37.el9                       appstream 
freeradius-utils.x86_64                              3.0.21-37.el9                       appstream 
freerdp.x86_64                                       2:2.4.1-5.el9                       appstream 
freerdp-libs.i686                                    2:2.4.1-5.el9                       appstream 
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                  2:2.4.1-5.el9                       appstream 
freetype.i686                                        2.10.4-9.el9                        baseos    
freetype-devel.i686                                  2.10.4-9.el9                        appstream 
freetype-devel.x86_64                                2.10.4-9.el9                        appstream 
fribidi.i686                                         1.0.10-6.el9.2                      appstream 
fribidi-devel.i686                                   1.0.10-6.el9.2                      appstream 
fribidi-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.10-6.el9.2                      appstream 
frr.x86_64                                           8.3.1-5.el9_2.2.0.1                 appstream 
frr-selinux.noarch                                   8.3.1-5.el9_2.2.0.1                 appstream 
fstrm.i686                                           0.6.1-3.el9                         appstream 
fstrm.x86_64                                         0.6.1-3.el9                         appstream 
ftp.x86_64                                           0.17-89.el9                         appstream 
fuse.x86_64                                          2.9.9-15.el9                        baseos    
fuse-common.x86_64                                   3.10.2-5.el9.0.1                    baseos    
fuse-libs.i686                                       2.9.9-15.el9                        baseos    
fuse-libs.x86_64                                     2.9.9-15.el9                        baseos    
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                1.11-1.el9_2                        appstream 
fuse3.x86_64                                         3.10.2-5.el9.0.1                    appstream 
fuse3-devel.i686                                     3.10.2-5.el9.0.1                    appstream 
fuse3-devel.x86_64                                   3.10.2-5.el9.0.1                    appstream 
fuse3-libs.i686                                      3.10.2-5.el9.0.1                    appstream 
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                    3.10.2-5.el9.0.1                    appstream 
fwupd.x86_64                                         1.8.10-2.el9                        baseos    
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.x86_64                         1.8.10-2.el9                        appstream 
fxload.x86_64                                        2008_10_13-21.el9                   appstream 
galera.x86_64                                        26.4.11-1.el9_0                     appstream 
gawk-all-langpacks.x86_64                            5.1.0-6.el9                         appstream 
gc.i686                                              8.0.4-7.el9                         appstream 
gc.x86_64                                            8.0.4-7.el9                         appstream 
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                  11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
gcc-offload-nvptx.x86_64                             11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12.x86_64                                12.0-6.el9                          appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-annobin-annocheck.x86_64              11.08-2.el9                         appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-annobin-docs.noarch                   11.08-2.el9                         appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-annobin-plugin-gcc.x86_64             11.08-2.el9                         appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-binutils.x86_64                       2.38-17.el9_2.1                     appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-binutils-devel.i686                   2.38-17.el9_2.1                     appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-binutils-devel.x86_64                 2.38-17.el9_2.1                     appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-binutils-gold.x86_64                  2.38-17.el9_2.1                     appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-build.x86_64                          12.0-6.el9                          appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-dwz.x86_64                            0.14-4.el9                          appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-gcc.x86_64                            12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-gcc-c++.x86_64                        12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-gcc-gfortran.x86_64                   12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-gcc-plugin-annobin.x86_64             12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-gcc-plugin-devel.i686                 12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-gcc-plugin-devel.x86_64               12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-gdb.x86_64                            11.2-4.el9                          appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libasan-devel.i686                    12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libasan-devel.x86_64                  12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libatomic-devel.i686                  12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libatomic-devel.x86_64                12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libgccjit.i686                        12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libgccjit.x86_64                      12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libgccjit-devel.i686                  12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libgccjit-devel.x86_64                12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libgccjit-docs.x86_64                 12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libitm-devel.i686                     12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libitm-devel.x86_64                   12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-liblsan-devel.x86_64                  12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libquadmath-devel.i686                12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libquadmath-devel.x86_64              12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libstdc++-devel.i686                  12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libstdc++-devel.x86_64                12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libstdc++-docs.x86_64                 12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libtsan-devel.x86_64                  12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libubsan-devel.i686                   12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-libubsan-devel.x86_64                 12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-offload-nvptx.x86_64                  12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
gcc-toolset-12-runtime.x86_64                        12.0-6.el9                          appstream 
gcr.i686                                             3.40.0-3.el9                        appstream 
gcr.x86_64                                           3.40.0-3.el9                        appstream 
gcr-base.i686                                        3.40.0-3.el9                        appstream 
gcr-base.x86_64                                      3.40.0-3.el9                        appstream 
gcr-devel.i686                                       3.40.0-3.el9                        appstream 
gcr-devel.x86_64                                     3.40.0-3.el9                        appstream 
gd.i686                                              2.3.2-3.el9                         appstream 
gd-devel.i686                                        2.3.2-3.el9                         appstream 
gd-devel.x86_64                                      2.3.2-3.el9                         appstream 
gdb-doc.noarch                                       10.2-10.el9.0.1                     appstream 
gdb-gdbserver.x86_64                                 10.2-10.el9.0.1                     appstream 
gdb-minimal.x86_64                                   10.2-10.el9.0.1                     appstream 
gdbm-libs.i686                                       1:1.19-4.el9                        baseos    
gdisk.x86_64                                         1.0.7-5.el9                         appstream 
gdk-pixbuf2.i686                                     2.42.6-3.el9                        appstream 
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.i686                               2.42.6-3.el9                        appstream 
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.x86_64                             2.42.6-3.el9                        appstream 
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.i686                             2.42.6-3.el9                        appstream 
gdm.i686                                             1:40.1-21.el9                       appstream 
gdm.x86_64                                           1:40.1-21.el9                       appstream 
gedit.x86_64                                         2:40.0-6.el9                        appstream 
gedit-plugin-bookmarks.x86_64                        40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugin-bracketcompletion.x86_64                40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugin-codecomment.x86_64                      40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugin-colorpicker.x86_64                      40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugin-colorschemer.x86_64                     40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugin-commander.x86_64                        40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugin-drawspaces.x86_64                       40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugin-findinfiles.x86_64                      40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugin-joinlines.x86_64                        40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugin-multiedit.x86_64                        40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugin-sessionsaver.x86_64                     40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugin-smartspaces.x86_64                      40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugin-synctex.x86_64                          40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugin-terminal.x86_64                         40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugin-textsize.x86_64                         40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugin-translate.x86_64                        40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugin-wordcompletion.x86_64                   40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugins.x86_64                                 40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gedit-plugins-data.x86_64                            40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gegl04.i686                                          0.4.34-2.el9                        appstream 
gegl04.x86_64                                        0.4.34-2.el9                        appstream 
gegl04-devel-docs.x86_64                             0.4.34-2.el9                        appstream 
gegl04-tools.x86_64                                  0.4.34-2.el9                        appstream 
geoclue2.i686                                        2.6.0-7.el9                         appstream 
geoclue2.x86_64                                      2.6.0-7.el9                         appstream 
geoclue2-libs.i686                                   2.6.0-7.el9                         appstream 
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                 2.6.0-7.el9                         appstream 
geocode-glib.i686                                    3.26.2-5.el9                        appstream 
geocode-glib.x86_64                                  3.26.2-5.el9                        appstream 
geocode-glib-devel.i686                              3.26.2-5.el9                        appstream 
geocode-glib-devel.x86_64                            3.26.2-5.el9                        appstream 
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20191217-6.el9                      appstream 
geolite2-country.noarch                              20191217-6.el9                      appstream 
gettext-devel.i686                                   0.21-7.el9                          appstream 
gettext-libs.i686                                    0.21-7.el9                          baseos    
ghostscript.x86_64                                   9.54.0-9.el9                        appstream 
ghostscript-doc.noarch                               9.54.0-9.el9                        appstream 
ghostscript-tools-dvipdf.x86_64                      9.54.0-9.el9                        appstream 
ghostscript-tools-fonts.x86_64                       9.54.0-9.el9                        appstream 
ghostscript-tools-printing.x86_64                    9.54.0-9.el9                        appstream 
ghostscript-x11.x86_64                               9.54.0-9.el9                        appstream 
giflib.i686                                          5.2.1-9.el9                         appstream 
giflib.x86_64                                        5.2.1-9.el9                         appstream 
gimp.x86_64                                          2:2.99.8-3.el9                      appstream 
gimp-libs.i686                                       2:2.99.8-3.el9                      appstream 
gimp-libs.x86_64                                     2:2.99.8-3.el9                      appstream 
git-all.noarch                                       2.39.3-1.el9_2                      appstream 
git-clang-format.x86_64                              15.0.7-2.el9                        appstream 
git-credential-libsecret.x86_64                      2.39.3-1.el9_2                      appstream 
git-daemon.x86_64                                    2.39.3-1.el9_2                      appstream 
git-email.noarch                                     2.39.3-1.el9_2                      appstream 
git-gui.noarch                                       2.39.3-1.el9_2                      appstream 
git-instaweb.noarch                                  2.39.3-1.el9_2                      appstream 
git-lfs.x86_64                                       3.2.0-1.el9                         appstream 
git-subtree.x86_64                                   2.39.3-1.el9_2                      appstream 
git-svn.noarch                                       2.39.3-1.el9_2                      appstream 
gitk.noarch                                          2.39.3-1.el9_2                      appstream 
gitweb.noarch                                        2.39.3-1.el9_2                      appstream 
gjs.i686                                             1.68.6-3.el9                        appstream 
gjs.x86_64                                           1.68.6-3.el9                        appstream 
gl-manpages.noarch                                   1.1-24.20190306.el9                 appstream 
glade.x86_64                                         3.38.2-4.el9                        appstream 
glade-libs.i686                                      3.38.2-4.el9                        appstream 
glade-libs.x86_64                                    3.38.2-4.el9                        appstream 
glib-networking.i686                                 2.68.3-3.el9                        appstream 
glib-networking.x86_64                               2.68.3-3.el9                        baseos    
glib2.i686                                           2.68.4-6.el9                        baseos    
glib2-devel.i686                                     2.68.4-6.el9                        appstream 
glib2-devel.x86_64                                   2.68.4-6.el9                        appstream 
glib2-doc.noarch                                     2.68.4-6.el9                        appstream 
glib2-tests.x86_64                                   2.68.4-6.el9                        appstream 
glibc.i686                                           2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                           2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-devel.i686                                     2.34-60.el9                         appstream 
glibc-doc.noarch                                     2.34-60.el9                         appstream 
glibc-gconv-extra.i686                               2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-aa.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-af.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-agr.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ak.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-am.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-an.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-anp.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ar.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-as.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ast.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ayc.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-az.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-be.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-bem.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ber.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-bg.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-bhb.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-bho.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-bi.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-bn.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-bo.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-br.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-brx.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-bs.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-byn.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ca.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ce.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-chr.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ckb.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-cmn.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-crh.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-cs.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-csb.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-cv.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-cy.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-da.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-de.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-doi.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-dsb.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-dv.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-dz.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-el.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-eo.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-es.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-et.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-eu.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-fa.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ff.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-fi.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-fil.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-fo.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-fr.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-fur.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-fy.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ga.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-gd.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-gez.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-gl.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-gu.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-gv.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ha.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-hak.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-he.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-hi.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-hif.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-hne.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-hr.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-hsb.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ht.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-hu.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-hy.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ia.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-id.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ig.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ik.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-is.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-it.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-iu.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ja.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ka.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-kab.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-kk.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-kl.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-km.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-kn.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ko.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-kok.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ks.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ku.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-kw.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ky.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-lb.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-lg.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-li.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-lij.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ln.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-lo.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-lt.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-lv.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-lzh.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-mag.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-mai.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-mfe.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-mg.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-mhr.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-mi.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-miq.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-mjw.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-mk.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ml.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-mn.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-mni.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-mnw.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-mr.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ms.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-mt.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-my.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-nan.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-nb.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-nds.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ne.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-nhn.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-niu.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-nl.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-nn.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-nr.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-nso.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-oc.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-om.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-or.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-os.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-pa.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-pap.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-pl.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ps.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-pt.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-quz.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-raj.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ro.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ru.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-rw.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-sa.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-sah.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-sat.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-sc.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-sd.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-se.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-sgs.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-shn.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-shs.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-si.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-sid.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-sk.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-sl.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-sm.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-so.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-sq.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-sr.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ss.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-st.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-sv.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-sw.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-szl.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ta.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-tcy.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-te.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-tg.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-th.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-the.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ti.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-tig.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-tk.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-tl.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-tn.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-to.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-tpi.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-tr.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ts.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-tt.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ug.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-uk.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-unm.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ur.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-uz.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-ve.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-vi.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-wa.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-wae.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-wal.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-wo.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-xh.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-yi.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-yo.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-yue.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-yuw.x86_64                            2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-zh.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-langpack-zu.x86_64                             2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
glibc-locale-source.x86_64                           2.34-60.el9                         appstream 
glibc-utils.x86_64                                   2.34-60.el9                         appstream 
glibmm24.i686                                        2.66.1-1.el9                        appstream 
glibmm24.x86_64                                      2.66.1-1.el9                        appstream 
glslang.x86_64                                       11.9.0-4.el9                        appstream 
glslc.x86_64                                         2023.1-2.el9                        appstream 
glusterfs.x86_64                                     6.0-57.4.el9                        appstream 
glusterfs-api.x86_64                                 6.0-57.4.el9                        appstream 
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                 6.0-57.4.el9                        appstream 
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                      6.0-57.4.el9                        appstream 
glusterfs-cloudsync-plugins.x86_64                   6.0-57.4.el9                        appstream 
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                6.0-57.4.el9                        appstream 
glusterfs-libs.x86_64                                6.0-57.4.el9                        appstream 
glusterfs-rdma.x86_64                                6.0-57.4.el9                        appstream 
glx-utils.x86_64                                     8.4.0-12.20210504git0f9e7d9.el9.0.1 appstream 
gmp.i686                                             1:6.2.0-10.el9                      baseos    
gmp-c++.i686                                         1:6.2.0-10.el9                      appstream 
gmp-c++.x86_64                                       1:6.2.0-10.el9                      appstream 
gmp-devel.i686                                       1:6.2.0-10.el9                      appstream 
gmp-devel.x86_64                                     1:6.2.0-10.el9                      appstream 
gnome-autoar.i686                                    0.4.1-2.el9                         appstream 
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                  0.4.1-2.el9                         appstream 
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                             40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gnome-backgrounds-extras.noarch                      40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                               1:3.34.5-3.el9                      appstream 
gnome-bluetooth-libs.i686                            1:3.34.5-3.el9                      appstream 
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                          1:3.34.5-3.el9                      appstream 
gnome-calculator.i686                                40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gnome-calculator.x86_64                              40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gnome-characters.x86_64                              40.0-3.el9                          appstream 
gnome-classic-session.noarch                         40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                           3.36.0-7.el9                        appstream 
gnome-common.noarch                                  3.18.0-13.el9                       appstream 
gnome-connections.x86_64                             41.2-1.el9                          appstream 
gnome-control-center.x86_64                          40.0-29.el9                         appstream 
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch               40.0-29.el9                         appstream 
gnome-desktop3.i686                                  40.4-1.el9                          appstream 
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                40.4-1.el9                          appstream 
gnome-desktop3-devel.i686                            40.4-1.el9                          appstream 
gnome-desktop3-devel.x86_64                          40.4-1.el9                          appstream 
gnome-devel-docs.noarch                              40.3-2.el9                          appstream 
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                            40.2-2.el9                          appstream 
gnome-extensions-app.x86_64                          40.0-3.el9                          appstream 
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                             40.0-3.el9                          appstream 
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                           40.4-3.el9                          appstream 
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                 40.0-3.el9                          appstream 
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                             40.0-3.el9                          appstream 
gnome-kiosk.x86_64                                   40.0-5.el9                          appstream 
gnome-kiosk-script-session.noarch                    40.0-5.el9                          appstream 
gnome-kiosk-search-appliance.noarch                  40.0-5.el9                          appstream 
gnome-logs.x86_64                                    3.36.0-8.el9                        appstream 
gnome-menus.i686                                     3.36.0-8.el9.0.1                    appstream 
gnome-menus.x86_64                                   3.36.0-8.el9.0.1                    appstream 
gnome-online-accounts.i686                           3.40.0-2.el9                        appstream 
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                         3.40.0-2.el9                        appstream 
gnome-online-accounts-devel.i686                     3.40.0-2.el9                        appstream 
gnome-online-accounts-devel.x86_64                   3.40.0-2.el9                        appstream 
gnome-photos.x86_64                                  40.0-4.el9                          appstream 
gnome-photos-tests.x86_64                            40.0-4.el9                          appstream 
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                          40.0-7.el9                          appstream 
gnome-screenshot.x86_64                              40.0-4.el9                          appstream 
gnome-session.x86_64                                 40.1.1-7.el9.rocky.1                appstream 
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                 40.1.1-7.el9.rocky.1                appstream 
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                        40.1.1-7.el9.rocky.1                appstream 
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                         40.0.1-11.el9_2                     appstream 
gnome-shell.x86_64                                   40.10-12.el9                        appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch               40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-auto-move-windows.noarch       40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-background-logo.noarch         40.0~rc-4.el9                       appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-classification-banner.noarch   40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                  40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-custom-menu.noarch             40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-dash-to-dock.noarch            40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-desktop-icons.noarch           40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-drive-menu.noarch              40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-gesture-inhibitor.noarch       40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-heads-up-display.noarch        40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch     40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-native-window-placement.noarch 40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-panel-favorites.noarch         40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch             40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-screenshot-window-sizer.noarch 40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-systemMonitor.noarch           40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-top-icons.noarch               40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-updates-dialog.noarch          40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-user-theme.noarch              40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch             40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-windowsNavigator.noarch        40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-shell-extension-workspace-indicator.noarch     40.7-7.el9_2.1                      appstream 
gnome-software.x86_64                                41.5-2.el9                          appstream 
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                          40.1-3.el9                          appstream 
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                3.40.3-1.el9                        appstream 
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                       3.40.3-1.el9                        appstream 
gnome-themes-extra.x86_64                            3.28-14.el9                         appstream 
gnome-tour.x86_64                                    40.1-2.el9                          appstream 
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                  40.10-1.el9                         appstream 
gnome-user-docs.noarch                               40.0-3.el9                          appstream 
gnome-video-effects.noarch                           0.5.0-7.el9                         appstream 
gnu-efi.x86_64                                       1:3.0.11-8.el9                      appstream 
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                  2.3.3-2.el9_0                       appstream 
gnutls.i686                                          3.7.6-21.el9_2                      baseos    
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.7.6-21.el9_2                      baseos    
gnutls-c++.i686                                      3.7.6-21.el9_2                      appstream 
gnutls-c++.x86_64                                    3.7.6-21.el9_2                      appstream 
gnutls-dane.i686                                     3.7.6-21.el9_2                      appstream 
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                   3.7.6-21.el9_2                      appstream 
gnutls-devel.i686                                    3.7.6-21.el9_2                      appstream 
gnutls-devel.x86_64                                  3.7.6-21.el9_2                      appstream 
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                  3.7.6-21.el9_2                      appstream 
go-filesystem.x86_64                                 3.2.0-1.el9                         appstream 
go-rpm-macros.x86_64                                 3.2.0-1.el9                         appstream 
go-rpm-templates.noarch                              3.2.0-1.el9                         appstream 
go-toolset.x86_64                                    1.19.10-1.el9_2                     appstream 
gobject-introspection.i686                           1.68.0-11.el9                       baseos    
gobject-introspection.x86_64                         1.68.0-11.el9                       baseos    
golang.x86_64                                        1.19.10-1.el9_2                     appstream 
golang-bin.x86_64                                    1.19.10-1.el9_2                     appstream 
golang-docs.noarch                                   1.19.10-1.el9_2                     appstream 
golang-misc.noarch                                   1.19.10-1.el9_2                     appstream 
golang-race.x86_64                                   1.19.10-1.el9_2                     appstream 
golang-src.noarch                                    1.19.10-1.el9_2                     appstream 
golang-tests.noarch                                  1.19.10-1.el9_2                     appstream 
gom.i686                                             0.4-6.el9                           appstream 
gom.x86_64                                           0.4-6.el9                           appstream 
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                          1.103-0.18.20130920.el9             appstream 
google-droid-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                  20200215-11.el9.2                   appstream 
google-droid-serif-fonts.noarch                      20200215-11.el9.2                   appstream 
google-guice.noarch                                  4.2.3-9.el9                         appstream 
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                  20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                 20211102-1.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-emoji-fonts.noarch                       20211102-1.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-armenian-fonts.noarch               20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-avestan-fonts.noarch                20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-bengali-fonts.noarch                20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-bengali-ui-fonts.noarch             20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-brahmi-fonts.noarch                 20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-carian-fonts.noarch                 20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-cherokee-fonts.noarch               20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-coptic-fonts.noarch                 20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-deseret-fonts.noarch                20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-devanagari-fonts.noarch             20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-devanagari-ui-fonts.noarch          20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-egyptian-hieroglyphs-fonts.noarch   20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-fonts.noarch               20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-fonts.noarch                        20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-georgian-fonts.noarch               20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-glagolitic-fonts.noarch             20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-gujarati-fonts.noarch               20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-gujarati-ui-fonts.noarch            20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch               20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-hebrew-fonts.noarch                 20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-imperial-aramaic-fonts.noarch       20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-kaithi-fonts.noarch                 20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-kannada-fonts.noarch                20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-kannada-ui-fonts.noarch             20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-kayah-li-fonts.noarch               20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-kharoshthi-fonts.noarch             20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-khmer-fonts.noarch                  20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-khmer-ui-fonts.noarch               20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-lao-fonts.noarch                    20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-lao-ui-fonts.noarch                 20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-lycian-fonts.noarch                 20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-lydian-fonts.noarch                 20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-malayalam-fonts.noarch              20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-malayalam-ui-fonts.noarch           20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                   20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-nko-fonts.noarch                    20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-old-south-arabian-fonts.noarch      20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-old-turkic-fonts.noarch             20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-osmanya-fonts.noarch                20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-phoenician-fonts.noarch             20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-shavian-fonts.noarch                20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-sinhala-fonts.noarch                20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch             20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-symbols-fonts.noarch                20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-tamil-fonts.noarch                  20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-tamil-ui-fonts.noarch               20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-telugu-fonts.noarch                 20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-telugu-ui-fonts.noarch              20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-thaana-fonts.noarch                 20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-thai-fonts.noarch                   20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-thai-ui-fonts.noarch                20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-ugaritic-fonts.noarch               20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-sans-vai-fonts.noarch                    20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-serif-armenian-fonts.noarch              20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-serif-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch               20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-serif-fonts.noarch                       20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-serif-georgian-fonts.noarch              20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-serif-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch           20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-serif-khmer-fonts.noarch                 20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-serif-lao-fonts.noarch                   20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-serif-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch            20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-noto-serif-thai-fonts.noarch                  20201206-4.el9                      appstream 
google-roboto-slab-fonts.noarch                      1.100263-0.17.20150923git.el9       appstream 
gperf.x86_64                                         3.1-13.el9                          appstream 
gpgme.i686                                           1.15.1-6.el9                        baseos    
gpgmepp.i686                                         1.15.1-6.el9                        appstream 
gpgmepp.x86_64                                       1.15.1-6.el9                        appstream 
gpm.x86_64                                           1.20.7-29.el9                       appstream 
gpm-devel.i686                                       1.20.7-29.el9                       appstream 
gpm-devel.x86_64                                     1.20.7-29.el9                       appstream 
gpm-libs.i686                                        1.20.7-29.el9                       appstream 
gpsd-minimal.x86_64                                  1:3.25-1.el9_2.3                    appstream 
gpsd-minimal-clients.x86_64                          1:3.25-1.el9_2.3                    appstream 
grafana.x86_64                                       9.0.9-3.el9_2                       appstream 
grafana-pcp.x86_64                                   5.1.1-1.el9                         appstream 
graphene.i686                                        1.10.6-2.el9                        appstream 
graphene.x86_64                                      1.10.6-2.el9                        appstream 
graphene-devel.i686                                  1.10.6-2.el9                        appstream 
graphene-devel.x86_64                                1.10.6-2.el9                        appstream 
graphite2.i686                                       1.3.14-9.el9                        baseos    
graphite2-devel.i686                                 1.3.14-9.el9                        appstream 
graphite2-devel.x86_64                               1.3.14-9.el9                        appstream 
graphviz.i686                                        2.44.0-25.el9                       appstream 
graphviz-doc.x86_64                                  2.44.0-25.el9                       appstream 
graphviz-gd.x86_64                                   2.44.0-25.el9                       appstream 
graphviz-python3.x86_64                              2.44.0-25.el9                       appstream 
greenboot.x86_64                                     0.15.4-1.el9                        appstream 
greenboot-default-health-checks.x86_64               0.15.4-1.el9                        appstream 
grilo.i686                                           0.3.13-7.el9                        appstream 
grilo.x86_64                                         0.3.13-7.el9                        appstream 
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                 0.3.13-6.el9                        appstream 
groff.x86_64                                         1.22.4-10.el9                       appstream 
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.06-61.el9_2.1.rocky.0.2         baseos    
grub2-efi-aa64-modules.noarch                        1:2.06-61.el9_2.1.rocky.0.2         baseos    
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                 1:2.06-61.el9_2.1.rocky.0.2         baseos    
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                          1:2.06-61.el9_2.1.rocky.0.2         baseos    
grub2-efi-x64-modules.noarch                         1:2.06-61.el9_2.1.rocky.0.2         baseos    
grub2-pc.x86_64                                      1:2.06-61.el9_2.1.rocky.0.2         baseos    
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                              1:2.06-61.el9_2.1.rocky.0.2         baseos    
grub2-tools.x86_64                                   1:2.06-61.el9_2.1.rocky.0.2         baseos    
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                               1:2.06-61.el9_2.1.rocky.0.2         baseos    
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                             1:2.06-61.el9_2.1.rocky.0.2         baseos    
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                           1:2.06-61.el9_2.1.rocky.0.2         baseos    
grubby.x86_64                                        8.40-63.el9                         baseos    
gsettings-desktop-schemas.i686                       40.0-6.el9                          appstream 
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                     40.0-6.el9                          baseos    
gsettings-desktop-schemas-devel.i686                 40.0-6.el9                          appstream 
gsettings-desktop-schemas-devel.x86_64               40.0-6.el9                          appstream 
gsl.i686                                             2.6-7.el9.0.1                       appstream 
gsl.x86_64                                           2.6-7.el9.0.1                       appstream 
gsl-devel.i686                                       2.6-7.el9.0.1                       appstream 
gsl-devel.x86_64                                     2.6-7.el9.0.1                       appstream 
gsm.i686                                             1.0.19-6.el9                        appstream 
gsm.x86_64                                           1.0.19-6.el9                        appstream 
gsound.i686                                          1.0.2-15.el9                        appstream 
gsound.x86_64                                        1.0.2-15.el9                        appstream 
gspell.i686                                          1.9.1-3.el9                         appstream 
gspell.x86_64                                        1.9.1-3.el9                         appstream 
gssproxy.x86_64                                      0.8.4-5.el9_2                       baseos    
gstreamer1.i686                                      1.18.4-4.el9                        appstream 
gstreamer1.x86_64                                    1.18.4-4.el9                        appstream 
gstreamer1-devel.i686                                1.18.4-4.el9                        appstream 
gstreamer1-devel.x86_64                              1.18.4-4.el9                        appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.i686                     1.18.4-6.el9                        appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                   1.18.4-6.el9                        appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-base.i686                         1.18.4-5.el9.0.1                    appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                       1.18.4-5.el9.0.1                    appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-base-devel.i686                   1.18.4-5.el9.0.1                    appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-base-devel.x86_64                 1.18.4-5.el9.0.1                    appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-base-tools.x86_64                 1.18.4-5.el9.0.1                    appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-good.i686                         1.18.4-6.el9                        appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                       1.18.4-6.el9                        appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.i686                     1.18.4-6.el9                        appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                   1.18.4-6.el9                        appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.i686                    1.18.4-3.el9                        appstream 
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                  1.18.4-3.el9                        appstream 
gtk-vnc2.i686                                        1.3.0-1.el9                         appstream 
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                      1.3.0-1.el9                         appstream 
gtk2.i686                                            2.24.33-8.el9                       appstream 
gtk2-devel.i686                                      2.24.33-8.el9                       appstream 
gtk2-devel.x86_64                                    2.24.33-8.el9                       appstream 
gtk2-devel-docs.x86_64                               2.24.33-8.el9                       appstream 
gtk2-immodule-xim.i686                               2.24.33-8.el9                       appstream 
gtk2-immodule-xim.x86_64                             2.24.33-8.el9                       appstream 
gtk2-immodules.i686                                  2.24.33-8.el9                       appstream 
gtk2-immodules.x86_64                                2.24.33-8.el9                       appstream 
gtk3.i686                                            3.24.31-2.el9                       appstream 
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.24.31-2.el9                       appstream 
gtk3-devel.i686                                      3.24.31-2.el9                       appstream 
gtk3-devel.x86_64                                    3.24.31-2.el9                       appstream 
gtk3-immodule-xim.x86_64                             3.24.31-2.el9                       appstream 
gtk4.i686                                            4.4.1-2.el9                         appstream 
gtk4.x86_64                                          4.4.1-2.el9                         appstream 
gtk4-devel.i686                                      4.4.1-2.el9                         appstream 
gtk4-devel.x86_64                                    4.4.1-2.el9                         appstream 
gtkmm30.i686                                         3.24.5-1.el9                        appstream 
gtkmm30.x86_64                                       3.24.5-1.el9                        appstream 
gtksourceview4.i686                                  4.8.1-5.el9                         appstream 
gtksourceview4.x86_64                                4.8.1-5.el9                         appstream 
guava.noarch                                         30.1-6.el9                          appstream 
gubbi-fonts.noarch                                   1.3-10.el9                          appstream 
guestfs-tools.x86_64                                 1.48.2-8.el9                        appstream 
gutenprint.x86_64                                    5.3.4-4.el9                         appstream 
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                               5.3.4-4.el9                         appstream 
gutenprint-doc.x86_64                                5.3.4-4.el9                         appstream 
gutenprint-libs.i686                                 5.3.4-4.el9                         appstream 
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                               5.3.4-4.el9                         appstream 
gvfs.x86_64                                          1.48.1-4.el9                        appstream 
gvfs-client.i686                                     1.48.1-4.el9                        appstream 
gvfs-client.x86_64                                   1.48.1-4.el9                        appstream 
gvfs-devel.i686                                      1.48.1-4.el9                        appstream 
gvfs-devel.x86_64                                    1.48.1-4.el9                        appstream 
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                     1.48.1-4.el9                        appstream 
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                      1.48.1-4.el9                        appstream 
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                  1.48.1-4.el9                        appstream 
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                      1.48.1-4.el9                        appstream 
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                      1.48.1-4.el9                        appstream 
gvnc.i686                                            1.3.0-1.el9                         appstream 
gvnc.x86_64                                          1.3.0-1.el9                         appstream 
hamcrest.noarch                                      2.2-7.el9                           appstream 
haproxy.x86_64                                       2.4.17-6.el9                        appstream 
harfbuzz.i686                                        2.7.4-8.el9                         baseos    
harfbuzz-devel.i686                                  2.7.4-8.el9                         appstream 
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                                2.7.4-8.el9                         appstream 
harfbuzz-icu.i686                                    2.7.4-8.el9                         appstream 
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                  2.7.4-8.el9                         appstream 
hdparm.x86_64                                        9.62-2.el9                          baseos    
hexchat.x86_64                                       2.16.0-1.el9                        appstream 
hexedit.x86_64                                       1.6-1.el9                           appstream 
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                       3.28-14.el9                         appstream 
highlight.x86_64                                     3.60-5.el9                          appstream 
hivex.x86_64                                         1.3.21-3.el9                        appstream 
hivex-libs.i686                                      1.3.21-3.el9                        appstream 
hivex-libs.x86_64                                    1.3.21-3.el9                        appstream 
hostapd.x86_64                                       2.10-1.el9                          appstream 
hplip.x86_64                                         3.21.2-6.el9                        appstream 
hplip-common.i686                                    3.21.2-6.el9                        appstream 
hplip-common.x86_64                                  3.21.2-6.el9                        appstream 
hplip-libs.i686                                      3.21.2-6.el9                        appstream 
hplip-libs.x86_64                                    3.21.2-6.el9                        appstream 
ht-caladea-fonts.noarch                              1:1.001-6.20220615git336a529.el9    appstream 
http-parser.i686                                     2.9.4-6.el9                         appstream 
http-parser.x86_64                                   2.9.4-6.el9                         appstream 
httpcomponents-client.noarch                         4.5.13-3.el9                        appstream 
httpcomponents-core.noarch                           4.4.13-7.el9                        appstream 
httpd.x86_64                                         2.4.53-11.el9_2.5                   appstream 
httpd-core.x86_64                                    2.4.53-11.el9_2.5                   appstream 
httpd-devel.x86_64                                   2.4.53-11.el9_2.5                   appstream 
httpd-filesystem.noarch                              2.4.53-11.el9_2.5                   appstream 
httpd-manual.noarch                                  2.4.53-11.el9_2.5                   appstream 
httpd-tools.x86_64                                   2.4.53-11.el9_2.5                   appstream 
hunspell.i686                                        1.7.0-11.el9                        appstream 
hunspell.x86_64                                      1.7.0-11.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-af.noarch                                   0.20080825-24.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-ak.noarch                                   0.9.1-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-am.noarch                                   0.20090704-22.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-ar.noarch                                   3.5-15.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-as.noarch                                   1.0.3-25.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-ast.noarch                                  1:2.0-7.el9                         appstream 
hunspell-az.noarch                                   0.20040827-26.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-be.noarch                                   1.1-23.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-ber.noarch                                  0.20080210-23.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-bg.noarch                                   4.3-22.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-bn.noarch                                   1:1.0.0-17.el9                      appstream 
hunspell-br.noarch                                   1:0.15-9.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-ca.noarch                                   2.3-19.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-cop.noarch                                  0.3-21.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-cs.noarch                                   20080822-16.el9                     appstream 
hunspell-csb.noarch                                  0.20050311-25.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-cv.noarch                                   1.06-9.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-cy.noarch                                   0.20040425-26.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-da.noarch                                   1.7.42-17.el9                       appstream 
hunspell-de.noarch                                   0.20161207-9.el9                    appstream 
hunspell-devel.i686                                  1.7.0-11.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-devel.x86_64                                1.7.0-11.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-dsb.noarch                                  1.4.8-9.el9                         appstream 
hunspell-el.noarch                                   1:0.9-9.el9                         appstream 
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20140811.1-20.el9                 appstream 
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20140811.1-20.el9                 appstream 
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20140811.1-20.el9                 appstream 
hunspell-eo.noarch                                   1:0.20100218-8.el9                  appstream 
hunspell-es.noarch                                   1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-AR.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-BO.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-CL.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-CO.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-CR.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-CU.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-DO.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-EC.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-ES.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-GT.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-HN.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-MX.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-NI.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-PA.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-PE.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-PR.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-PY.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-SV.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-US.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-UY.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-es-VE.noarch                                1:2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-et.noarch                                   0.20030606-27.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-eu.noarch                                   5.1-4.el9                           appstream 
hunspell-fa.noarch                                   0.20070116-26.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-filesystem.x86_64                           1.7.0-11.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-fj.noarch                                   1.2-23.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-fo.noarch                                   0.4.2-16.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-fr.noarch                                   6.2-9.el9                           appstream 
hunspell-fur.noarch                                  0.20050912-24.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-fy.noarch                                   3.0.0-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-ga.noarch                                   5.0-10.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-gd.noarch                                   2.6-18.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-gl.noarch                                   0.20080515-24.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-grc.noarch                                  2.1.5-24.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-gu.noarch                                   1:1.0.0-17.el9                      appstream 
hunspell-gv.noarch                                   0.20040505-25.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-haw.noarch                                  0.03-9.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-he.x86_64                                   1.4-15.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-hi.noarch                                   1:1.0.0-17.el9                      appstream 
hunspell-hil.noarch                                  1:0.14-22.el9                       appstream 
hunspell-hr.noarch                                   1:0.20040608-25.el9                 appstream 
hunspell-hsb.noarch                                  0.20060327.3-20.el9                 appstream 
hunspell-ht.noarch                                   0.06-21.el9                         appstream 
hunspell-hu.noarch                                   1.6.1-21.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-hy.noarch                                   0.20.0-21.el9                       appstream 
hunspell-ia.noarch                                   0.20050226-24.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-id.noarch                                   0.20040812-24.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-is.noarch                                   0.20090823-22.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-it.noarch                                   2.4-0.25.20070901.el9               appstream 
hunspell-kk.noarch                                   1.1-22.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-km.noarch                                   1.82-9.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-kn.noarch                                   1.0.3-24.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-ko.noarch                                   0.7.0-12.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-ku.noarch                                   0.21-26.el9                         appstream 
hunspell-ky.noarch                                   0.20090415-24.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-la.noarch                                   0.20130331-19.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-lb.noarch                                   0.20121128-17.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-ln.noarch                                   0.02-22.el9                         appstream 
hunspell-lt.noarch                                   1.2.1-26.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-lv.noarch                                   1.0.0-15.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-mai.noarch                                  1.0.1-23.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-mg.noarch                                   0.20050109-26.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-mi.noarch                                   0.20080630-24.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-mk.noarch                                   0.20051126-25.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-ml.noarch                                   0.1-26.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-mn.noarch                                   0.20080709-24.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-mos.noarch                                  0.20101130-21.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-mr.noarch                                   1:1.0.0-17.el9                      appstream 
hunspell-ms.noarch                                   0.20050117-25.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-mt.noarch                                   0.20110414-9.el9                    appstream 
hunspell-nb.noarch                                   1:2.0.10-15.el9                     appstream 
hunspell-nds.noarch                                  0.1-23.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-ne.noarch                                   20080425-25.el9                     appstream 
hunspell-nl.noarch                                   2.20.19-5.el9                       appstream 
hunspell-nn.noarch                                   1:2.0.10-15.el9                     appstream 
hunspell-nr.noarch                                   0.20091030-22.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-nso.noarch                                  0.20091201-22.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-ny.noarch                                   1:0.01-21.el9                       appstream 
hunspell-oc.noarch                                   0.6.2-10.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-om.noarch                                   1:0.04-23.el9                       appstream 
hunspell-or.noarch                                   1:1.0.0-17.el9                      appstream 
hunspell-pa.noarch                                   1:1.0.0-17.el9                      appstream 
hunspell-pl.noarch                                   0.20180707-9.el9                    appstream 
hunspell-pt.noarch                                   0.20130125-18.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-qu.noarch                                   0.9-21.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-quh.noarch                                  0.20110816-21.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-ro.noarch                                   3.3.7-20.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-ru.noarch                                   1:0.99g5-21.el9                     appstream 
hunspell-rw.noarch                                   0.20050109-24.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-sc.noarch                                   0.20081101-27.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-se.noarch                                   1.0-0.22.beta7.el9                  appstream 
hunspell-shs.noarch                                  0.20090828-21.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-si.noarch                                   0.2.1-24.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-sk.noarch                                   1:0.20110228-20.el9                 appstream 
hunspell-sl.noarch                                   0.20070127-26.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-smj.noarch                                  1.0-0.22.beta7.el9                  appstream 
hunspell-so.noarch                                   1.0.2-21.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-sq.noarch                                   1.6.4-20.el9                        appstream 
hunspell-sr.noarch                                   0.20130330-18.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-ss.noarch                                   0.20091030-22.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-st.noarch                                   0.20091030-22.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-sv.noarch                                   2.28-16.el9                         appstream 
hunspell-sw.noarch                                   0.20050819-25.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-ta.noarch                                   1:1.0.0-17.el9                      appstream 
hunspell-te.noarch                                   1:1.0.0-17.el9                      appstream 
hunspell-tet.noarch                                  0.20050108-26.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-th.noarch                                   0.20061212-25.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-ti.noarch                                   0.20090911-21.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-tk.noarch                                   1:0.02-20.el9                       appstream 
hunspell-tl.noarch                                   0.20050109-25.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-tn.noarch                                   0.20150904-9.el9                    appstream 
hunspell-tpi.noarch                                  0.07-18.el9                         appstream 
hunspell-ts.noarch                                   0.20110323.1-9.el9                  appstream 
hunspell-uk.noarch                                   1.8.0-9.el9                         appstream 
hunspell-ur.noarch                                   0.64-23.el9                         appstream 
hunspell-uz.noarch                                   0.6-24.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-ve.noarch                                   0.20091030-22.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-vi.noarch                                   0.20120418-9.el9                    appstream 
hunspell-wa.noarch                                   0.4.17-17.el9                       appstream 
hunspell-xh.noarch                                   0.20091030-22.el9                   appstream 
hunspell-yi.noarch                                   1.1-23.el9                          appstream 
hunspell-zu.noarch                                   0.20100126-24.el9                   appstream 
hwdata.noarch                                        0.348-9.7.el9                       baseos    
hwloc.x86_64                                         2.4.1-5.el9                         baseos    
hwloc-devel.i686                                     2.4.1-5.el9                         appstream 
hwloc-devel.x86_64                                   2.4.1-5.el9                         appstream 
hwloc-gui.x86_64                                     2.4.1-5.el9                         appstream 
hwloc-libs.i686                                      2.4.1-5.el9                         baseos    
hwloc-libs.x86_64                                    2.4.1-5.el9                         baseos    
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                0-0.41.20190303git.el9              appstream 
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        0-0.41.20190303git.el9              appstream 
hyperv-tools.noarch                                  0-0.41.20190303git.el9              appstream 
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                  0-0.41.20190303git.el9              appstream 
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                    0-0.41.20190303git.el9              appstream 
hypervvssd.x86_64                                    0-0.41.20190303git.el9              appstream 
hyphen.i686                                          2.8.8-17.el9                        appstream 
hyphen.x86_64                                        2.8.8-17.el9                        appstream 
hyphen-af.noarch                                     0-0.25.20080714svn.el9              appstream 
hyphen-as.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-19.el9                      appstream 
hyphen-be.noarch                                     1.1-23.el9                          appstream 
hyphen-bg.noarch                                     4.3-21.el9                          appstream 
hyphen-bn.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-19.el9                      appstream 
hyphen-ca.noarch                                     1:0.9.3-22.el9                      appstream 
hyphen-cs.noarch                                     20080822-16.el9                     appstream 
hyphen-cy.noarch                                     0.20110620-20.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-da.noarch                                     0.20070903-25.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-de.noarch                                     0.20060120-27.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-devel.i686                                    2.8.8-17.el9                        appstream 
hyphen-devel.x86_64                                  2.8.8-17.el9                        appstream 
hyphen-el.noarch                                     0.20051018-25.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-17.el9                        appstream 
hyphen-eo.noarch                                     0.20180330-8.el9                    appstream 
hyphen-es.noarch                                     2.3-11.el9                          appstream 
hyphen-et.noarch                                     0.20030606-27.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-eu.noarch                                     0.20190406-2.el9                    appstream 
hyphen-fa.noarch                                     0.20130404-17.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-fr.noarch                                     3.0-10.el9                          appstream 
hyphen-ga.noarch                                     0.20040220-24.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-gl.noarch                                     0.99-23.el9                         appstream 
hyphen-gu.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-19.el9                      appstream 
hyphen-hi.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-19.el9                      appstream 
hyphen-hr.noarch                                     1:0.20040608-25.el9                 appstream 
hyphen-hu.noarch                                     0.20090612-27.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-id.noarch                                     0.20040812-24.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-it.noarch                                     0.20071127-26.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-kn.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-19.el9                      appstream 
hyphen-lt.noarch                                     0.20100531-21.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-lv.noarch                                     1.0.0-15.el9                        appstream 
hyphen-ml.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-19.el9                      appstream 
hyphen-mr.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-19.el9                      appstream 
hyphen-nb.noarch                                     1:2.0.10-15.el9                     appstream 
hyphen-nl.noarch                                     0.20050617-26.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-nn.noarch                                     1:2.0.10-15.el9                     appstream 
hyphen-or.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-20.el9                      appstream 
hyphen-pa.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-19.el9                      appstream 
hyphen-pl.noarch                                     0.20060726-25.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-pt.noarch                                     0.20021021-25.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-ro.noarch                                     3.3.6-21.el9                        appstream 
hyphen-ru.noarch                                     0.20200325-4.el9                    appstream 
hyphen-sk.noarch                                     0.20031227-26.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-sl.noarch                                     0.20070127-24.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-sr.noarch                                     0.20130330-18.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-sv.noarch                                     1.00.1-26.el9                       appstream 
hyphen-ta.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-19.el9                      appstream 
hyphen-te.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-19.el9                      appstream 
hyphen-uk.noarch                                     0.20030903-24.el9                   appstream 
hyphen-zu.noarch                                     0-0.25.20080714svn.el9              appstream 
i2c-tools.x86_64                                     4.3-3.el9                           appstream 
i2c-tools-perl.x86_64                                4.3-3.el9                           appstream 
ibacm.i686                                           44.0-2.el9                          appstream 
ibacm.x86_64                                         44.0-2.el9                          baseos    
ibus.x86_64                                          1.5.25-2.el9.rocky.0.1              appstream 
ibus-anthy.i686                                      1.5.13-1.el9                        appstream 
ibus-anthy.x86_64                                    1.5.13-1.el9                        appstream 
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                             1.5.13-1.el9                        appstream 
ibus-gtk2.i686                                       1.5.25-2.el9.rocky.0.1              appstream 
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                     1.5.25-2.el9.rocky.0.1              appstream 
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                     1.5.25-2.el9.rocky.0.1              appstream 
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                   1.5.4-7.el9                         appstream 
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                1.12.0-5.el9                        appstream 
ibus-libs.i686                                       1.5.25-2.el9.rocky.0.1              appstream 
ibus-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.25-2.el9.rocky.0.1              appstream 
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                1.10.0-4.el9                        appstream 
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                     1.4.4-3.el9                         appstream 
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.25-2.el9.rocky.0.1              appstream 
ibus-table.noarch                                    1.12.5-5.el9                        appstream 
ibus-table-chinese.noarch                            1.8.3-10.el9                        appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-array.noarch                      1.8.3-10.el9                        appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-cangjie.noarch                    1.8.3-10.el9                        appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-cantonese.noarch                  1.8.3-10.el9                        appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-easy.noarch                       1.8.3-10.el9                        appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-erbi.noarch                       1.8.3-10.el9                        appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-quick.noarch                      1.8.3-10.el9                        appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-scj.noarch                        1.8.3-10.el9                        appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-stroke5.noarch                    1.8.3-10.el9                        appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-wu.noarch                         1.8.3-10.el9                        appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-wubi-haifeng.noarch               1.8.3-10.el9                        appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-wubi-jidian.noarch                1.8.3-10.el9                        appstream 
ibus-table-chinese-yong.noarch                       1.8.3-10.el9                        appstream 
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.11.0-5.el9                        appstream 
ibus-wayland.x86_64                                  1.5.25-2.el9.rocky.0.1              appstream 
icoutils.x86_64                                      0.32.3-10.el9                       appstream 
icu.x86_64                                           67.1-9.el9                          appstream 
idm-jss.x86_64                                       5.3.0-1.el9                         appstream 
idm-ldapjdk.noarch                                   5.3.0-1.el9                         appstream 
idm-pki-acme.noarch                                  11.3.0-1.el9                        appstream 
idm-pki-base.noarch                                  11.3.0-1.el9                        appstream 
idm-pki-ca.noarch                                    11.3.0-1.el9                        appstream 
idm-pki-est.noarch                                   11.3.0-1.el9                        appstream 
idm-pki-java.noarch                                  11.3.0-1.el9                        appstream 
idm-pki-kra.noarch                                   11.3.0-1.el9                        appstream 
idm-pki-server.noarch                                11.3.0-1.el9                        appstream 
idm-pki-tools.x86_64                                 11.3.0-1.el9                        appstream 
idm-tomcatjss.noarch                                 8.3.0-1.el9                         appstream 
idn2.x86_64                                          2.3.0-7.el9                         appstream 
ignition.x86_64                                      2.15.0-2.el9_2                      appstream 
ignition-edge.x86_64                                 2.15.0-2.el9_2                      appstream 
ignition-validate.x86_64                             2.15.0-2.el9_2                      appstream 
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                              3.3-1.el9                           appstream 
ima-evm-utils.i686                                   1.4-4.el9                           baseos    
imath.i686                                           3.1.2-1.el9                         appstream 
imath.x86_64                                         3.1.2-1.el9                         appstream 
infiniband-diags.i686                                44.0-2.el9                          appstream 
infiniband-diags.x86_64                              44.0-2.el9                          appstream 
inih.i686                                            49-6.el9                            baseos    
inih.x86_64                                          49-6.el9                            baseos    
initial-setup.x86_64                                 0.3.90.2-2.el9                      appstream 
initial-setup-gui.x86_64                             0.3.90.2-2.el9                      appstream 
initscripts.x86_64                                   10.11.5-1.el9                       baseos    
initscripts-rename-device.x86_64                     10.11.5-1.el9                       baseos    
initscripts-service.noarch                           10.11.5-1.el9                       baseos    
inkscape.x86_64                                      1.1.1-6.el9                         appstream 
inkscape-docs.x86_64                                 1.1.1-6.el9                         appstream 
inkscape-view.x86_64                                 1.1.1-6.el9                         appstream 
integritysetup.x86_64                                2.6.0-2.el9                         baseos    
intel-cmt-cat.i686                                   4.1.0-3.el9                         baseos    
intel-cmt-cat.x86_64                                 4.1.0-3.el9                         baseos    
iotop.noarch                                         0.6-30.el9                          baseos    
iowatcher.x86_64                                     1.2.0-19.el9                        appstream 
ipa-client.x86_64                                    4.10.1-9.el9_2                      appstream 
ipa-client-common.noarch                             4.10.1-9.el9_2                      appstream 
ipa-client-epn.x86_64                                4.10.1-9.el9_2                      appstream 
ipa-client-samba.x86_64                              4.10.1-9.el9_2                      appstream 
ipa-common.noarch                                    4.10.1-9.el9_2                      appstream 
ipa-healthcheck.noarch                               0.12-1.el9                          appstream 
ipa-healthcheck-core.noarch                          0.12-1.el9                          appstream 
ipa-selinux.noarch                                   4.10.1-9.el9_2                      appstream 
ipa-server.x86_64                                    4.10.1-9.el9_2                      appstream 
ipa-server-common.noarch                             4.10.1-9.el9_2                      appstream 
ipa-server-dns.noarch                                4.10.1-9.el9_2                      appstream 
ipa-server-trust-ad.x86_64                           4.10.1-9.el9_2                      appstream 
ipcalc.x86_64                                        1.0.0-5.el9                         baseos    
iperf3.i686                                          3.9-10.el9_2                        appstream 
iperf3.x86_64                                        3.9-10.el9_2                        appstream 
ipmievd.x86_64                                       1.8.18-25.el9                       appstream 
ipmitool.x86_64                                      1.8.18-25.el9                       appstream 
iproute.x86_64                                       6.1.0-1.el9                         baseos    
iproute-tc.x86_64                                    6.1.0-1.el9                         baseos    
iprutils.x86_64                                      2.4.19-5.el9                        baseos    
ipset.x86_64                                         7.11-8.el9                          baseos    
ipset-libs.i686                                      7.11-8.el9                          baseos    
ipset-libs.x86_64                                    7.11-8.el9                          baseos    
ipset-service.noarch                                 7.11-8.el9                          appstream 
iptables-devel.i686                                  1.8.8-6.el9_1                       appstream 
iptables-devel.x86_64                                1.8.8-6.el9_1                       appstream 
iptables-libs.i686                                   1.8.8-6.el9_1                       baseos    
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.8-6.el9_1                       baseos    
iptables-nft.x86_64                                  1.8.8-6.el9_1                       baseos    
iptables-nft-services.noarch                         1.8.8-6.el9_1                       appstream 
iptables-utils.x86_64                                1.8.8-6.el9_1                       baseos    
iptraf-ng.x86_64                                     1.2.1-4.el9                         baseos    
iputils.x86_64                                       20210202-8.el9_1.1                  baseos    
iputils-ninfod.x86_64                                20210202-8.el9_1.1                  appstream 
ipvsadm.x86_64                                       1.31-6.el9                          appstream 
ipxe-bootimgs-aarch64.noarch                         20200823-9.git4bd064de.el9          appstream 
ipxe-bootimgs-x86.noarch                             20200823-9.git4bd064de.el9          appstream 
ipxe-roms.noarch                                     20200823-9.git4bd064de.el9          appstream 
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                20200823-9.git4bd064de.el9          appstream 
irqbalance.x86_64                                    2:1.9.0-3.el9                       baseos    
irssi.x86_64                                         1.2.2-12.el9                        appstream 
iscsi-initiator-utils.i686                           6.2.1.4-3.git2a8f9d8.el9            baseos    
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                         6.2.1.4-3.git2a8f9d8.el9            baseos    
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                6.2.1.4-3.git2a8f9d8.el9            baseos    
isns-utils.x86_64                                    0.101-4.el9                         baseos    
isns-utils-libs.i686                                 0.101-4.el9                         baseos    
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                               0.101-4.el9                         baseos    
iso-codes.noarch                                     4.6.0-3.el9                         appstream 
iso-codes-devel.noarch                               4.6.0-3.el9                         appstream 
isomd5sum.x86_64                                     1:1.2.3-14.el9                      appstream 
itstool.noarch                                       2.0.6-7.el9                         appstream 
iw.x86_64                                            5.9-4.el9                           baseos    
iwl100-firmware.noarch                               39.31.5.1-135.el9_2                 baseos    
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                              1:39.31.5.1-135.el9_2               baseos    
iwl105-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-135.el9_2                baseos    
iwl135-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-135.el9_2                baseos    
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-135.el9_2                baseos    
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-135.el9_2                baseos    
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-135.el9_2              baseos    
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                              8.83.5.1_1-135.el9_2                baseos    
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                              8.24.2.2-135.el9_2                  baseos    
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-135.el9_2                baseos    
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-135.el9_2                baseos    
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                              41.28.5.1-135.el9_2                 baseos    
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-135.el9_2              baseos    
iwpmd.x86_64                                         44.0-2.el9                          baseos    
jakarta-activation.noarch                            1.2.2-5.el9                         appstream 
jakarta-activation2.noarch                           2.1.1-2.el9                         appstream 
jakarta-annotations.noarch                           1.3.5-13.el9                        appstream 
jakarta-mail.noarch                                  1.6.5-5.el9                         appstream 
jakarta-oro.noarch                                   2.0.8-34.el9                        appstream 
jansi.x86_64                                         2.3.3-6.el9                         appstream 
jansson.i686                                         2.14-1.el9                          baseos    
jansson.x86_64                                       2.14-1.el9                          baseos    
jasper.x86_64                                        2.0.28-3.el9                        appstream 
jasper-libs.i686                                     2.0.28-3.el9                        appstream 
jasper-libs.x86_64                                   2.0.28-3.el9                        appstream 
jasper-utils.x86_64                                  2.0.28-3.el9                        appstream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk.x86_64                            1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.el9               appstream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-demo.x86_64                       1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.el9               appstream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-devel.x86_64                      1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.el9               appstream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-javadoc.noarch                    1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.el9               appstream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-javadoc-zip.noarch                1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.el9               appstream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-src.x86_64                        1:1.8.0.382.b05-2.el9               appstream 
java-11-openjdk.x86_64                               1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el9                 appstream 
java-11-openjdk-demo.x86_64                          1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el9                 appstream 
java-11-openjdk-devel.x86_64                         1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el9                 appstream 
java-11-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el9                 appstream 
java-11-openjdk-javadoc.x86_64                       1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el9                 appstream 
java-11-openjdk-javadoc-zip.x86_64                   1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el9                 appstream 
java-11-openjdk-jmods.x86_64                         1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el9                 appstream 
java-11-openjdk-src.x86_64                           1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el9                 appstream 
java-11-openjdk-static-libs.x86_64                   1:11.0.20.0.8-3.el9                 appstream 
java-17-openjdk.x86_64                               1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el9                  appstream 
java-17-openjdk-demo.x86_64                          1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el9                  appstream 
java-17-openjdk-devel.x86_64                         1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el9                  appstream 
java-17-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el9                  appstream 
java-17-openjdk-javadoc.x86_64                       1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el9                  appstream 
java-17-openjdk-javadoc-zip.x86_64                   1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el9                  appstream 
java-17-openjdk-jmods.x86_64                         1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el9                  appstream 
java-17-openjdk-src.x86_64                           1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el9                  appstream 
java-17-openjdk-static-libs.x86_64                   1:17.0.8.0.7-2.el9                  appstream 
javapackages-tools.noarch                            6.0.0-4.el9                         appstream 
jaxb-api.noarch                                      2.3.3-5.el9                         appstream 
jaxb-api4.noarch                                     4.0.0-1.el9                         appstream 
jaxb-codemodel.noarch                                4.0.2-1.el9                         appstream 
jaxb-core.noarch                                     4.0.2-1.el9                         appstream 
jaxb-dtd-parser.noarch                               1.5.0-1.el9                         appstream 
jaxb-istack-commons-runtime.noarch                   4.1.1-2.el9                         appstream 
jaxb-istack-commons-tools.noarch                     4.1.1-2.el9                         appstream 
jaxb-relaxng-datatype.noarch                         4.0.2-1.el9                         appstream 
jaxb-rngom.noarch                                    4.0.2-1.el9                         appstream 
jaxb-runtime.noarch                                  4.0.2-1.el9                         appstream 
jaxb-txw2.noarch                                     4.0.2-1.el9                         appstream 
jaxb-xjc.noarch                                      4.0.2-1.el9                         appstream 
jaxb-xsom.noarch                                     4.0.2-1.el9                         appstream 
jbig2dec-libs.i686                                   0.19-7.el9                          appstream 
jbigkit.x86_64                                       2.1-23.el9                          appstream 
jbigkit-libs.i686                                    2.1-23.el9                          appstream 
jboss-jaxrs-2.0-api.noarch                           1.0.0-16.el9                        appstream 
jboss-logging.noarch                                 3.4.1-9.el9                         appstream 
jboss-logging-tools.noarch                           2.2.1-7.el9                         appstream 
jcl-over-slf4j.noarch                                1.7.30-13.el9                       appstream 
jctools.noarch                                       3.3.0-3.el9                         appstream 
jdeparser.noarch                                     2.0.3-12.el9                        appstream 
jdepend.noarch                                       2.9.1-28.el9                        appstream 
jigawatts.x86_64                                     1.21.0.0.0-4.el9                    appstream 
jigawatts-javadoc.x86_64                             1.21.0.0.0-4.el9                    appstream 
jitterentropy.i686                                   3.4.1-2.el9                         baseos    
jitterentropy.x86_64                                 3.4.1-2.el9                         baseos    
jna-contrib.noarch                                   5.6.0-8.el9                         appstream 
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-34.el9                        appstream 
jose.x86_64                                          11-3.el9                            appstream 
jq.i686                                              1.6-14.el9                          appstream 
jq.x86_64                                            1.6-14.el9                          appstream 
js-d3-flame-graph.noarch                             4.0.7-1.el9                         appstream 
jsch.noarch                                          0.1.55-5.el9                        appstream 
json-c.i686                                          0.14-11.el9                         baseos    
json-glib.i686                                       1.6.6-1.el9                         baseos    
json-glib.x86_64                                     1.6.6-1.el9                         baseos    
json-glib-devel.i686                                 1.6.6-1.el9                         appstream 
json-glib-devel.x86_64                               1.6.6-1.el9                         appstream 
jsoup.noarch                                         1.13.1-10.el9                       appstream 
jsr-305.noarch                                       3.0.2-6.el9                         appstream 
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                   1:7.210-6.el9                       appstream 
junit.noarch                                         1:4.13.1-5.el9                      appstream 
junit5.noarch                                        5.7.1-5.el9                         appstream 
jzlib.noarch                                         1.1.3-19.el9                        appstream 
kabi-dw.x86_64                                       0-0.24.20220615git973fee0.el9       appstream 
kacst-art-fonts.noarch                               2.0-27.el9                          appstream 
kacst-book-fonts.noarch                              2.0-27.el9                          appstream 
kacst-decorative-fonts.noarch                        2.0-27.el9                          appstream 
kacst-digital-fonts.noarch                           2.0-27.el9                          appstream 
kacst-farsi-fonts.noarch                             2.0-27.el9                          appstream 
kacst-fonts-common.noarch                            2.0-27.el9                          appstream 
kacst-letter-fonts.noarch                            2.0-27.el9                          appstream 
kacst-naskh-fonts.noarch                             2.0-27.el9                          appstream 
kacst-office-fonts.noarch                            2.0-27.el9                          appstream 
kacst-one-fonts.noarch                               2.0-27.el9                          appstream 
kacst-pen-fonts.noarch                               2.0-27.el9                          appstream 
kacst-poster-fonts.noarch                            2.0-27.el9                          appstream 
kacst-qurn-fonts.noarch                              2.0-27.el9                          appstream 
kacst-screen-fonts.noarch                            2.0-27.el9                          appstream 
kacst-title-fonts.noarch                             2.0-27.el9                          appstream 
kacst-titlel-fonts.noarch                            2.0-27.el9                          appstream 
kasumi-common.noarch                                 2.5-39.el9                          appstream 
kasumi-unicode.x86_64                                2.5-39.el9                          appstream 
kbd.x86_64                                           2.4.0-8.el9                         baseos    
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.4.0-8.el9                         appstream 
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.4.0-8.el9                         baseos    
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                          006-13.20220128git9603258.el9       appstream 
keepalived.x86_64                                    2.2.4-6.el9                         appstream 
kernel.x86_64                                        5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               baseos    
kernel-abi-stablelists.noarch                        5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               baseos    
kernel-core.x86_64                                   5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               baseos    
kernel-debug.x86_64                                  5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               baseos    
kernel-debug-core.x86_64                             5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               baseos    
kernel-debug-devel.x86_64                            5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               appstream 
kernel-debug-devel-matched.x86_64                    5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               appstream 
kernel-debug-modules.x86_64                          5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               baseos    
kernel-debug-modules-core.x86_64                     5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               baseos    
kernel-debug-modules-extra.x86_64                    5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               baseos    
kernel-debug-uki-virt.x86_64                         5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               baseos    
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               appstream 
kernel-devel-matched.x86_64                          5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               appstream 
kernel-doc.noarch                                    5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               appstream 
kernel-modules.x86_64                                5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               baseos    
kernel-modules-core.x86_64                           5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               baseos    
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               baseos    
kernel-rpm-macros.noarch                             185-12.el9                          appstream 
kernel-tools.x86_64                                  5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               baseos    
kernel-tools-libs.x86_64                             5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               baseos    
kernel-uki-virt.x86_64                               5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               baseos    
kernelshark.x86_64                                   1:1.2-10.el9                        appstream 
kexec-tools.x86_64                                   2.0.25-13.el9_2.1                   baseos    
keybinder3.i686                                      0.3.2-13.el9                        appstream 
keybinder3.x86_64                                    0.3.2-13.el9                        appstream 
keycloak-httpd-client-install.noarch                 1.1-10.el9                          appstream 
keylime.x86_64                                       6.5.2-6.el9_2                       appstream 
keylime-agent-rust.x86_64                            0.1.0-1.el9                         appstream 
keylime-base.x86_64                                  6.5.2-6.el9_2                       appstream 
keylime-registrar.x86_64                             6.5.2-6.el9_2                       appstream 
keylime-selinux.noarch                               6.5.2-6.el9_2                       appstream 
keylime-tenant.x86_64                                6.5.2-6.el9_2                       appstream 
keylime-verifier.x86_64                              6.5.2-6.el9_2                       appstream 
keyutils.x86_64                                      1.6.3-1.el9                         baseos    
keyutils-libs.i686                                   1.6.3-1.el9                         baseos    
keyutils-libs-devel.i686                             1.6.3-1.el9                         appstream 
keyutils-libs-devel.x86_64                           1.6.3-1.el9                         appstream 
khmer-os-battambang-fonts.noarch                     5.0-36.el9                          appstream 
khmer-os-bokor-fonts.noarch                          5.0-36.el9                          appstream 
khmer-os-content-fonts.noarch                        5.0-36.el9                          appstream 
khmer-os-fasthand-fonts.noarch                       5.0-36.el9                          appstream 
khmer-os-freehand-fonts.noarch                       5.0-36.el9                          appstream 
khmer-os-handwritten-fonts.noarch                    5.0-36.el9                          appstream 
khmer-os-metal-chrieng-fonts.noarch                  5.0-36.el9                          appstream 
khmer-os-muol-fonts.noarch                           5.0-36.el9                          appstream 
khmer-os-muol-fonts-all.noarch                       5.0-36.el9                          appstream 
khmer-os-muol-pali-fonts.noarch                      5.0-36.el9                          appstream 
khmer-os-siemreap-fonts.noarch                       5.0-36.el9                          appstream 
khmer-os-system-fonts.noarch                         5.0-36.el9                          appstream 
kmod.x86_64                                          28-7.el9                            baseos    
kmod-kvdo.x86_64                                     8.2.1.6-75.el9_2                    baseos    
kmod-libs.i686                                       28-7.el9                            baseos    
kmod-libs.x86_64                                     28-7.el9                            baseos    
kpartx.x86_64                                        0.8.7-20.el9                        baseos    
kpatch.noarch                                        0.9.7-2.el9                         baseos    
kpatch-dnf.noarch                                    0.9.7_0.4-2.el9                     baseos    
krb5-devel.i686                                      1.20.1-9.el9_2                      appstream 
krb5-devel.x86_64                                    1.20.1-9.el9_2                      appstream 
krb5-libs.i686                                       1.20.1-9.el9_2                      baseos    
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.20.1-9.el9_2                      baseos    
krb5-pkinit.i686                                     1.20.1-9.el9_2                      baseos    
krb5-pkinit.x86_64                                   1.20.1-9.el9_2                      baseos    
krb5-server.i686                                     1.20.1-9.el9_2                      baseos    
krb5-server.x86_64                                   1.20.1-9.el9_2                      baseos    
krb5-server-ldap.i686                                1.20.1-9.el9_2                      baseos    
krb5-server-ldap.x86_64                              1.20.1-9.el9_2                      baseos    
krb5-workstation.x86_64                              1.20.1-9.el9_2                      baseos    
ksh.x86_64                                           3:1.0.0~beta.1-2.el9                appstream 
ksmtuned.x86_64                                      0.1.0-1.el9                         appstream 
lame.x86_64                                          3.100-12.el9                        appstream 
lame-libs.i686                                       3.100-12.el9                        appstream 
lame-libs.x86_64                                     3.100-12.el9                        appstream 
langpacks-af.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-am.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ar.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-as.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ast.noarch                                 3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-be.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-bg.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-bn.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-bo.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-br.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-bs.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ca.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-af.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-am.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ar.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-as.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ast.noarch                            3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-be.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-bg.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-bn.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-bo.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-br.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-bs.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ca.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-cs.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-cy.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-da.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-de.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-dz.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-el.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-en.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-en_GB.noarch                          3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-eo.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-es.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-et.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-eu.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-fa.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-fi.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-af.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-am.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ar.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-as.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ast.noarch                       3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-be.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-bg.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-bn.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-bo.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-br.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-bs.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ca.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-cs.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-cy.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-da.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-de.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-dz.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-el.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-eo.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-es.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-et.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-eu.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-fa.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-fi.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-fr.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ga.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-gl.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-gu.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-he.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-hi.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-hr.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-hu.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ia.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-id.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-is.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-it.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ja.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ka.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-kk.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-km.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-kn.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ko.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ku.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-lt.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-lv.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-mai.noarch                       3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-mk.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ml.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-mr.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ms.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-my.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-nb.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ne.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-nl.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-nn.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-nr.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-nso.noarch                       3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-or.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-pa.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-pl.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-pt.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ro.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ru.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-si.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-sk.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-sl.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-sq.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-sr.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ss.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-sv.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ta.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-te.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-th.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-tn.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-tr.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ts.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-uk.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ur.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-ve.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-vi.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-xh.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-yi.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-zh_CN.noarch                     3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-zh_HK.noarch                     3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-zh_TW.noarch                     3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-font-zu.noarch                        3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-fr.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ga.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-gl.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-gu.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-he.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-hi.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-hr.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-hu.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ia.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-id.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-is.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-it.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ja.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ka.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-kk.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-km.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-kn.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ko.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ku.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-lt.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-lv.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-mai.noarch                            3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-mk.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ml.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-mr.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ms.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-my.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-nb.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ne.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-nl.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-nn.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-nr.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-nso.noarch                            3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-or.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-pa.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-pl.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-pt.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-pt_BR.noarch                          3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ro.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ru.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-si.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-sk.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-sl.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-sq.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-sr.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ss.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-sv.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ta.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-te.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-th.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-tn.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-tr.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ts.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-uk.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ur.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-ve.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-vi.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-xh.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-yi.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-zh_CN.noarch                          3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-zh_HK.noarch                          3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-zh_TW.noarch                          3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-core-zu.noarch                             3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-cs.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-cy.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-da.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-de.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-dz.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-el.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-en.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-en_GB.noarch                               3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-eo.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-es.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-et.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-eu.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-fa.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-fi.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-fr.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ga.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-gl.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-gu.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-he.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-hi.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-hr.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-hu.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ia.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-id.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-is.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-it.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ja.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ka.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-kk.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-km.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-kn.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ko.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ku.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-lt.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-lv.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-mai.noarch                                 3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-mk.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ml.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-mr.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ms.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-my.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-nb.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ne.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-nl.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-nn.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-nr.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-nso.noarch                                 3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-or.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-pa.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-pl.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-pt.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-pt_BR.noarch                               3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ro.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ru.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-si.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-sk.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-sl.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-sq.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-sr.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ss.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-sv.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ta.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-te.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-th.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-tn.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-tr.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ts.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-uk.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ur.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-ve.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-vi.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-xh.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-yi.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-zh_CN.noarch                               3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-zh_HK.noarch                               3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-zh_TW.noarch                               3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langpacks-zu.noarch                                  3.0-16.el9                          appstream 
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.54-4.el9                        appstream 
lapack.i686                                          3.9.0-8.el9                         appstream 
lapack.x86_64                                        3.9.0-8.el9                         appstream 
lasso.i686                                           2.7.0-11.el9                        appstream 
lasso.x86_64                                         2.7.0-11.el9                        appstream 
lato-fonts.noarch                                    2.015-14.el9                        appstream 
lcms2.i686                                           2.12-3.el9                          appstream 
lcms2-devel.i686                                     2.12-3.el9                          appstream 
lcms2-devel.x86_64                                   2.12-3.el9                          appstream 
ldb-tools.x86_64                                     2.6.1-1.el9                         baseos    
ldns.i686                                            1.7.1-11.el9                        appstream 
ldns.x86_64                                          1.7.1-11.el9                        appstream 
ledmon.x86_64                                        0.96-5.el9                          baseos    
leptonica.i686                                       1.80.0-4.el9.1                      appstream 
leptonica.x86_64                                     1.80.0-4.el9.1                      appstream 
less.x86_64                                          590-2.el9_2                         baseos    
lftp.i686                                            4.9.2-4.el9                         appstream 
lftp.x86_64                                          4.9.2-4.el9                         appstream 
libICE.i686                                          1.0.10-8.el9                        appstream 
libICE-devel.i686                                    1.0.10-8.el9                        appstream 
libICE-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.10-8.el9                        appstream 
libSM.i686                                           1.2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
libSM-devel.i686                                     1.2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
libSM-devel.x86_64                                   1.2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
libX11.i686                                          1.7.0-7.el9                         appstream 
libX11-devel.i686                                    1.7.0-7.el9                         appstream 
libX11-devel.x86_64                                  1.7.0-7.el9                         appstream 
libX11-xcb.i686                                      1.7.0-7.el9                         appstream 
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                    1.7.0-7.el9                         appstream 
libXScrnSaver.i686                                   1.2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                 1.2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
libXScrnSaver-devel.i686                             1.2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
libXScrnSaver-devel.x86_64                           1.2.3-10.el9                        appstream 
libXau.i686                                          1.0.9-8.el9                         appstream 
libXau-devel.i686                                    1.0.9-8.el9                         appstream 
libXau-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.9-8.el9                         appstream 
libXaw.i686                                          1.0.13-19.el9                       appstream 
libXaw-devel.i686                                    1.0.13-19.el9                       appstream 
libXaw-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.13-19.el9                       appstream 
libXcomposite.i686                                   0.4.5-7.el9                         appstream 
libXcomposite-devel.i686                             0.4.5-7.el9                         appstream 
libXcomposite-devel.x86_64                           0.4.5-7.el9                         appstream 
libXcursor.i686                                      1.2.0-7.el9                         appstream 
libXcursor-devel.i686                                1.2.0-7.el9                         appstream 
libXcursor-devel.x86_64                              1.2.0-7.el9                         appstream 
libXdamage.i686                                      1.1.5-7.el9                         appstream 
libXdamage-devel.i686                                1.1.5-7.el9                         appstream 
libXdamage-devel.x86_64                              1.1.5-7.el9                         appstream 
libXdmcp.i686                                        1.1.3-8.el9                         appstream 
libXdmcp.x86_64                                      1.1.3-8.el9                         appstream 
libXext.i686                                         1.3.4-8.el9                         appstream 
libXext-devel.i686                                   1.3.4-8.el9                         appstream 
libXext-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.4-8.el9                         appstream 
libXfixes.i686                                       5.0.3-16.el9                        appstream 
libXfixes-devel.i686                                 5.0.3-16.el9                        appstream 
libXfixes-devel.x86_64                               5.0.3-16.el9                        appstream 
libXfont2.i686                                       2.0.3-12.el9                        appstream 
libXfont2.x86_64                                     2.0.3-12.el9                        appstream 
libXft.i686                                          2.3.3-8.el9                         appstream 
libXft-devel.i686                                    2.3.3-8.el9                         appstream 
libXft-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.3-8.el9                         appstream 
libXi.i686                                           1.7.10-8.el9                        appstream 
libXi-devel.i686                                     1.7.10-8.el9                        appstream 
libXi-devel.x86_64                                   1.7.10-8.el9                        appstream 
libXinerama.i686                                     1.1.4-10.el9                        appstream 
libXinerama-devel.i686                               1.1.4-10.el9                        appstream 
libXinerama-devel.x86_64                             1.1.4-10.el9                        appstream 
libXmu.i686                                          1.1.3-8.el9                         appstream 
libXmu-devel.i686                                    1.1.3-8.el9                         appstream 
libXmu-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.3-8.el9                         appstream 
libXp.i686                                           1.0.3-11.el9                        appstream 
libXp.x86_64                                         1.0.3-11.el9                        appstream 
libXp-devel.i686                                     1.0.3-11.el9                        appstream 
libXp-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.3-11.el9                        appstream 
libXpm.i686                                          3.5.13-8.el9_1                      appstream 
libXpm-devel.i686                                    3.5.13-8.el9_1                      appstream 
libXpm-devel.x86_64                                  3.5.13-8.el9_1                      appstream 
libXrandr.i686                                       1.5.2-8.el9                         appstream 
libXrandr-devel.i686                                 1.5.2-8.el9                         appstream 
libXrandr-devel.x86_64                               1.5.2-8.el9                         appstream 
libXrender.i686                                      0.9.10-16.el9                       appstream 
libXrender-devel.i686                                0.9.10-16.el9                       appstream 
libXrender-devel.x86_64                              0.9.10-16.el9                       appstream 
libXres.i686                                         1.2.0-14.el9                        appstream 
libXres.x86_64                                       1.2.0-14.el9                        appstream 
libXt.i686                                           1.2.0-6.el9                         appstream 
libXt-devel.i686                                     1.2.0-6.el9                         appstream 
libXt-devel.x86_64                                   1.2.0-6.el9                         appstream 
libXtst.i686                                         1.2.3-16.el9                        appstream 
libXtst.x86_64                                       1.2.3-16.el9                        appstream 
libXtst-devel.i686                                   1.2.3-16.el9                        appstream 
libXtst-devel.x86_64                                 1.2.3-16.el9                        appstream 
libXv.i686                                           1.0.11-16.el9                       appstream 
libXv.x86_64                                         1.0.11-16.el9                       appstream 
libXv-devel.i686                                     1.0.11-16.el9                       appstream 
libXv-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.11-16.el9                       appstream 
libXxf86dga.i686                                     1.1.5-8.el9                         appstream 
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                   1.1.5-8.el9                         appstream 
libXxf86dga-devel.i686                               1.1.5-8.el9                         appstream 
libXxf86dga-devel.x86_64                             1.1.5-8.el9                         appstream 
libXxf86vm.i686                                      1.1.4-18.el9                        appstream 
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.4-18.el9                        appstream 
liba52.i686                                          0.7.4-42.el9                        appstream 
liba52.x86_64                                        0.7.4-42.el9                        appstream 
libabw.i686                                          0.1.3-7.el9                         appstream 
libabw.x86_64                                        0.1.3-7.el9                         appstream 
libacl.i686                                          2.3.1-3.el9                         baseos    
libacl-devel.i686                                    2.3.1-3.el9                         appstream 
libacl-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.1-3.el9                         appstream 
libadwaita-qt5.i686                                  1.4.1-3.el9                         appstream 
libadwaita-qt5.x86_64                                1.4.1-3.el9                         appstream 
libaio.i686                                          0.3.111-13.el9                      baseos    
libaio-devel.i686                                    0.3.111-13.el9                      appstream 
libaio-devel.x86_64                                  0.3.111-13.el9                      appstream 
libao.i686                                           1.2.0-22.el9                        appstream 
libao.x86_64                                         1.2.0-22.el9                        appstream 
libappstream-glib.i686                               0.7.18-4.el9                        appstream 
libappstream-glib.x86_64                             0.7.18-4.el9                        appstream 
libarchive.i686                                      3.5.3-4.el9                         baseos    
libasan.i686                                         11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libasan.x86_64                                       11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libasan8.i686                                        12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
libasan8.x86_64                                      12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
libassuan.i686                                       2.5.5-3.el9                         baseos    
libasyncns.i686                                      0.8-22.el9                          appstream 
libasyncns.x86_64                                    0.8-22.el9                          appstream 
libatasmart.i686                                     0.19-22.el9                         appstream 
libatasmart.x86_64                                   0.19-22.el9                         appstream 
libatomic.i686                                       11.3.1-4.3.el9                      baseos    
libatomic.x86_64                                     11.3.1-4.3.el9                      baseos    
libattr.i686                                         2.5.1-3.el9                         baseos    
libattr-devel.i686                                   2.5.1-3.el9                         appstream 
libattr-devel.x86_64                                 2.5.1-3.el9                         appstream 
libbabeltrace.i686                                   1.5.8-10.el9                        appstream 
libbase.noarch                                       1.1.3-31.el9                        appstream 
libbasicobjects.i686                                 0.1.1-53.el9                        baseos    
libbasicobjects.x86_64                               0.1.1-53.el9                        baseos    
libblkid.i686                                        2.37.4-11.el9_2                     baseos    
libblkid-devel.i686                                  2.37.4-11.el9_2                     appstream 
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                2.37.4-11.el9_2                     appstream 
libblockdev.i686                                     2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev.x86_64                                   2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-crypto.i686                              2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                            2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-dm.i686                                  2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-fs.i686                                  2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-kbd.i686                                 2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                               2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-loop.i686                                2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                              2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-lvm.i686                                 2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                               2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.i686                            2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                          2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-mdraid.i686                              2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                            2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-mpath.i686                               2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                             2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-nvdimm.i686                              2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                            2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-nvme.i686                                2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-nvme.x86_64                              2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-part.i686                                2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-part.x86_64                              2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                       2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-swap.i686                                2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                              2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-tools.x86_64                             2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-utils.i686                               2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                             2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
libbpf.i686                                          2:1.0.0-2.el9                       baseos    
libbpf.x86_64                                        2:1.0.0-2.el9                       baseos    
libbpf-tools.x86_64                                  0.25.0-2.el9                        appstream 
libbrotli.i686                                       1.0.9-6.el9                         baseos    
libburn.i686                                         1.5.4-4.el9                         appstream 
libburn.x86_64                                       1.5.4-4.el9                         appstream 
libburn-doc.noarch                                   1.5.4-4.el9                         appstream 
libbytesize.i686                                     2.5-3.el9                           appstream 
libbytesize.x86_64                                   2.5-3.el9                           appstream 
libcanberra.i686                                     0.30-26.el9                         appstream 
libcanberra.x86_64                                   0.30-26.el9                         appstream 
libcanberra-devel.i686                               0.30-26.el9                         appstream 
libcanberra-devel.x86_64                             0.30-26.el9                         appstream 
libcanberra-gtk2.i686                                0.30-26.el9                         appstream 
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                              0.30-26.el9                         appstream 
libcanberra-gtk3.i686                                0.30-26.el9                         appstream 
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                              0.30-26.el9                         appstream 
libcap.i686                                          2.48-9.el9_2                        baseos    
libcap.x86_64                                        2.48-9.el9_2                        baseos    
libcap-devel.i686                                    2.48-9.el9_2                        appstream 
libcap-devel.x86_64                                  2.48-9.el9_2                        appstream 
libcap-ng.i686                                       0.8.2-7.el9                         baseos    
libcap-ng-devel.i686                                 0.8.2-7.el9                         appstream 
libcap-ng-devel.x86_64                               0.8.2-7.el9                         appstream 
libcap-ng-python3.x86_64                             0.8.2-7.el9                         appstream 
libcap-ng-utils.x86_64                               0.8.2-7.el9                         baseos    
libcbor.i686                                         0.7.0-5.el9                         baseos    
libcdio.i686                                         2.1.0-6.el9                         appstream 
libcdio.x86_64                                       2.1.0-6.el9                         appstream 
libcdio-paranoia.i686                                10.2+2.0.1-6.el9                    appstream 
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                              10.2+2.0.1-6.el9                    appstream 
libcdr.i686                                          0.1.7-3.el9                         appstream 
libcdr.x86_64                                        0.1.7-3.el9                         appstream 
libcmis.i686                                         0.5.2-12.el9                        appstream 
libcmis.x86_64                                       0.5.2-12.el9                        appstream 
libcmpiCppImpl0.i686                                 2.0.3-24.el9                        appstream 
libcmpiCppImpl0.x86_64                               2.0.3-24.el9                        appstream 
libcollection.i686                                   0.7.0-53.el9                        baseos    
libcollection.x86_64                                 0.7.0-53.el9                        baseos    
libcom_err.i686                                      1.46.5-3.el9                        baseos    
libcom_err-devel.i686                                1.46.5-3.el9                        appstream 
libcom_err-devel.x86_64                              1.46.5-3.el9                        appstream 
libcomps.i686                                        0.1.18-1.el9                        baseos    
libconfig.i686                                       1.7.2-9.el9                         baseos    
libconfig.x86_64                                     1.7.2-9.el9                         baseos    
libcurl.i686                                         7.76.1-23.el9_2.2                   baseos    
libcurl.x86_64                                       7.76.1-23.el9_2.2                   baseos    
libcurl-devel.i686                                   7.76.1-23.el9_2.2                   appstream 
libcurl-devel.x86_64                                 7.76.1-23.el9_2.2                   appstream 
libcurl-minimal.i686                                 7.76.1-23.el9_2.2                   baseos    
libcurl-minimal.x86_64                               7.76.1-23.el9_2.2                   baseos    
libdaemon.i686                                       0.14-23.el9                         baseos    
libdaemon.x86_64                                     0.14-23.el9                         baseos    
libdatrie.i686                                       0.2.13-4.el9                        appstream 
libdatrie-devel.i686                                 0.2.13-4.el9                        appstream 
libdatrie-devel.x86_64                               0.2.13-4.el9                        appstream 
libdazzle.i686                                       3.40.0-3.el9                        appstream 
libdazzle.x86_64                                     3.40.0-3.el9                        appstream 
libdb.i686                                           5.3.28-53.el9                       baseos    
libdb-devel.i686                                     5.3.28-53.el9                       appstream 
libdb-devel.x86_64                                   5.3.28-53.el9                       appstream 
libdb-utils.x86_64                                   5.3.28-53.el9                       appstream 
libdecor.i686                                        0.1.1-1.el9                         appstream 
libdecor.x86_64                                      0.1.1-1.el9                         appstream 
libdhash.i686                                        0.5.0-53.el9                        baseos    
libdhash.x86_64                                      0.5.0-53.el9                        baseos    
libdmx.i686                                          1.1.4-12.el9                        appstream 
libdmx.x86_64                                        1.1.4-12.el9                        appstream 
libdnf.i686                                          0.69.0-3.el9_2                      baseos    
libdnf-plugin-subscription-manager.x86_64            1.29.33.1-2.el9_2.rocky.0.1         baseos    
libdrm.i686                                          2.4.114-1.el9                       appstream 
libdrm.x86_64                                        2.4.114-1.el9                       appstream 
libdrm-devel.i686                                    2.4.114-1.el9                       appstream 
libdrm-devel.x86_64                                  2.4.114-1.el9                       appstream 
libdvdnav.i686                                       6.1.0-4.el9                         appstream 
libdvdnav.x86_64                                     6.1.0-4.el9                         appstream 
libdvdread.i686                                      6.1.1-4.el9                         appstream 
libdvdread.x86_64                                    6.1.1-4.el9                         appstream 
libdwarves1.i686                                     1.24-2.el9                          appstream 
libdwarves1.x86_64                                   1.24-2.el9                          appstream 
libecap.i686                                         1.0.1-10.el9                        appstream 
libecap.x86_64                                       1.0.1-10.el9                        appstream 
libecap-devel.i686                                   1.0.1-10.el9                        appstream 
libecap-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.1-10.el9                        appstream 
libeconf.i686                                        0.4.1-3.el9_2                       baseos    
libeconf.x86_64                                      0.4.1-3.el9_2                       baseos    
libecpg.i686                                         13.5-1.el9.0.1                      appstream 
libecpg.x86_64                                       13.5-1.el9.0.1                      appstream 
libedit.i686                                         3.1-37.20210216cvs.el9              baseos    
libedit-devel.i686                                   3.1-37.20210216cvs.el9              appstream 
libedit-devel.x86_64                                 3.1-37.20210216cvs.el9              appstream 
libell.i686                                          0.41-4.el9                          appstream 
libell.x86_64                                        0.41-4.el9                          appstream 
libepoxy.i686                                        1.5.5-4.el9                         appstream 
libepoxy.x86_64                                      1.5.5-4.el9                         appstream 
libepoxy-devel.i686                                  1.5.5-4.el9                         appstream 
libepoxy-devel.x86_64                                1.5.5-4.el9                         appstream 
libepubgen.i686                                      0.1.1-9.el9                         appstream 
libepubgen.x86_64                                    0.1.1-9.el9                         appstream 
liberation-fonts.noarch                              1:2.1.3-4.el9                       appstream 
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                       1:2.1.3-4.el9                       appstream 
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.3-4.el9                       appstream 
liberation-narrow-fonts.noarch                       2:1.07.6-9.el9                      appstream 
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.3-4.el9                       appstream 
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.1.3-4.el9                       appstream 
libertas-sd8787-firmware.noarch                      20230310-135.el9_2                  baseos    
libestr.i686                                         0.1.11-4.el9                        appstream 
libestr.x86_64                                       0.1.11-4.el9                        appstream 
libetonyek.i686                                      0.1.10-2.el9                        appstream 
libetonyek.x86_64                                    0.1.10-2.el9                        appstream 
libev.i686                                           4.33-5.el9                          baseos    
libev.x86_64                                         4.33-5.el9                          baseos    
libevdev.i686                                        1.11.0-3.el9                        appstream 
libevdev.x86_64                                      1.11.0-3.el9                        appstream 
libevent.i686                                        2.1.12-6.el9                        baseos    
libevent-devel.i686                                  2.1.12-6.el9                        appstream 
libevent-devel.x86_64                                2.1.12-6.el9                        appstream 
libevent-doc.noarch                                  2.1.12-6.el9                        appstream 
libexif.i686                                         0.6.22-6.el9                        appstream 
libexif.x86_64                                       0.6.22-6.el9                        appstream 
libexttextcat.i686                                   3.4.5-11.el9                        appstream 
libexttextcat.x86_64                                 3.4.5-11.el9                        appstream 
libfabric.i686                                       1.17.0-3.el9.1                      appstream 
libfabric.x86_64                                     1.17.0-3.el9.1                      appstream 
libfastjson.i686                                     0.99.9-3.el9                        appstream 
libfastjson.x86_64                                   0.99.9-3.el9                        appstream 
libfdisk.i686                                        2.37.4-11.el9_2                     baseos    
libfdt.i686                                          1.6.0-7.el9                         appstream 
libfdt.x86_64                                        1.6.0-7.el9                         appstream 
libffi.i686                                          3.4.2-7.el9                         baseos    
libffi-devel.i686                                    3.4.2-7.el9                         appstream 
libffi-devel.x86_64                                  3.4.2-7.el9                         appstream 
libfido2.i686                                        1.6.0-7.el9                         baseos    
libfontenc.i686                                      1.1.3-17.el9                        appstream 
libfonts.noarch                                      1.1.3-35.el9                        appstream 
libformula.noarch                                    1.1.3-32.el9                        appstream 
libfprint.i686                                       1.94.5-1.el9                        appstream 
libfprint.x86_64                                     1.94.5-1.el9                        appstream 
libfreehand.i686                                     0.1.2-11.el9                        appstream 
libfreehand.x86_64                                   0.1.2-11.el9                        appstream 
libgcab1.i686                                        1.4-6.el9                           baseos    
libgcab1.x86_64                                      1.4-6.el9                           baseos    
libgcc.i686                                          11.3.1-4.3.el9                      baseos    
libgccjit.i686                                       11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libgccjit.x86_64                                     11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libgccjit-devel.i686                                 11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libgccjit-devel.x86_64                               11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libgcrypt.i686                                       1.10.0-10.el9_2                     baseos    
libgcrypt-devel.i686                                 1.10.0-10.el9_2                     appstream 
libgcrypt-devel.x86_64                               1.10.0-10.el9_2                     appstream 
libgdata.i686                                        0.18.1-4.el9                        appstream 
libgdata.x86_64                                      0.18.1-4.el9                        appstream 
libgdata-devel.i686                                  0.18.1-4.el9                        appstream 
libgdata-devel.x86_64                                0.18.1-4.el9                        appstream 
libgee.i686                                          0.20.4-3.el9                        appstream 
libgee.x86_64                                        0.20.4-3.el9                        appstream 
libgexiv2.i686                                       0.12.3-1.el9                        appstream 
libgexiv2.x86_64                                     0.12.3-1.el9                        appstream 
libgfortran.i686                                     11.3.1-4.3.el9                      baseos    
libgfortran.x86_64                                   11.3.1-4.3.el9                      baseos    
libglvnd.i686                                        1:1.3.4-1.el9                       appstream 
libglvnd.x86_64                                      1:1.3.4-1.el9                       appstream 
libglvnd-core-devel.i686                             1:1.3.4-1.el9                       appstream 
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                           1:1.3.4-1.el9                       appstream 
libglvnd-devel.i686                                  1:1.3.4-1.el9                       appstream 
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                1:1.3.4-1.el9                       appstream 
libglvnd-egl.i686                                    1:1.3.4-1.el9                       appstream 
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                  1:1.3.4-1.el9                       appstream 
libglvnd-gles.i686                                   1:1.3.4-1.el9                       appstream 
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                 1:1.3.4-1.el9                       appstream 
libglvnd-glx.i686                                    1:1.3.4-1.el9                       appstream 
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                  1:1.3.4-1.el9                       appstream 
libglvnd-opengl.i686                                 1:1.3.4-1.el9                       appstream 
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                               1:1.3.4-1.el9                       appstream 
libgnomekbd.i686                                     3.26.1-7.el9                        appstream 
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                   3.26.1-7.el9                        appstream 
libgomp.i686                                         11.3.1-4.3.el9                      baseos    
libgomp-offload-nvptx.x86_64                         11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libgpg-error.i686                                    1.42-5.el9                          baseos    
libgpg-error-devel.i686                              1.42-5.el9                          appstream 
libgpg-error-devel.x86_64                            1.42-5.el9                          appstream 
libgphoto2.i686                                      2.5.27-3.el9                        appstream 
libgphoto2.x86_64                                    2.5.27-3.el9                        appstream 
libgpiod.i686                                        1.6.3-1.el9                         appstream 
libgpiod.x86_64                                      1.6.3-1.el9                         appstream 
libgpiod-c++.i686                                    1.6.3-1.el9                         appstream 
libgpiod-c++.x86_64                                  1.6.3-1.el9                         appstream 
libgpiod-devel.i686                                  1.6.3-1.el9                         appstream 
libgpiod-devel.x86_64                                1.6.3-1.el9                         appstream 
libgpiod-utils.x86_64                                1.6.3-1.el9                         appstream 
libgs.i686                                           9.54.0-9.el9                        appstream 
libgsf.i686                                          1.14.47-5.el9                       appstream 
libgsf.x86_64                                        1.14.47-5.el9                       appstream 
libgtop2.i686                                        2.40.0-9.el9                        appstream 
libgtop2.x86_64                                      2.40.0-9.el9                        appstream 
libgudev.i686                                        237-1.el9                           baseos    
libgudev.x86_64                                      237-1.el9                           baseos    
libguestfs.x86_64                                    1:1.48.4-4.el9                      appstream 
libguestfs-appliance.x86_64                          1:1.48.4-4.el9                      appstream 
libguestfs-bash-completion.noarch                    1:1.48.4-4.el9                      appstream 
libguestfs-inspect-icons.noarch                      1:1.48.4-4.el9                      appstream 
libguestfs-rescue.x86_64                             1:1.48.4-4.el9                      appstream 
libguestfs-rsync.x86_64                              1:1.48.4-4.el9                      appstream 
libguestfs-winsupport.x86_64                         9.2-1.el9                           appstream 
libguestfs-xfs.x86_64                                1:1.48.4-4.el9                      appstream 
libgusb.i686                                         0.3.8-1.el9                         baseos    
libgusb.x86_64                                       0.3.8-1.el9                         baseos    
libgweather.i686                                     40.0-3.el9                          appstream 
libgweather.x86_64                                   40.0-3.el9                          appstream 
libgweather-devel.i686                               40.0-3.el9                          appstream 
libgweather-devel.x86_64                             40.0-3.el9                          appstream 
libgxps.i686                                         0.3.2-3.el9                         appstream 
libgxps.x86_64                                       0.3.2-3.el9                         appstream 
libhandy.i686                                        1.2.3-1.el9                         appstream 
libhandy.x86_64                                      1.2.3-1.el9                         appstream 
libhangul.i686                                       0.1.0-25.el9                        appstream 
libhangul.x86_64                                     0.1.0-25.el9                        appstream 
libi2c.i686                                          4.3-3.el9                           appstream 
libi2c.x86_64                                        4.3-3.el9                           appstream 
libi2cd.i686                                         1.0.3-1.el9                         appstream 
libi2cd.x86_64                                       1.0.3-1.el9                         appstream 
libi2cd-devel.i686                                   1.0.3-1.el9                         appstream 
libi2cd-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.3-1.el9                         appstream 
libibumad.i686                                       44.0-2.el9                          baseos    
libibumad.x86_64                                     44.0-2.el9                          baseos    
libibverbs.i686                                      44.0-2.el9                          baseos    
libibverbs.x86_64                                    44.0-2.el9                          baseos    
libibverbs-utils.x86_64                              44.0-2.el9                          baseos    
libical.i686                                         3.0.14-1.el9                        appstream 
libical.x86_64                                       3.0.14-1.el9                        appstream 
libical-devel.i686                                   3.0.14-1.el9                        appstream 
libical-devel.x86_64                                 3.0.14-1.el9                        appstream 
libical-glib.i686                                    3.0.14-1.el9                        appstream 
libical-glib.x86_64                                  3.0.14-1.el9                        appstream 
libical-glib-devel.i686                              3.0.14-1.el9                        appstream 
libical-glib-devel.x86_64                            3.0.14-1.el9                        appstream 
libicu.i686                                          67.1-9.el9                          baseos    
libicu-devel.i686                                    67.1-9.el9                          appstream 
libicu-devel.x86_64                                  67.1-9.el9                          appstream 
libidn2.i686                                         2.3.0-7.el9                         baseos    
libidn2-devel.i686                                   2.3.0-7.el9                         appstream 
libidn2-devel.x86_64                                 2.3.0-7.el9                         appstream 
libieee1284.i686                                     0.2.11-37.el9                       appstream 
libieee1284.x86_64                                   0.2.11-37.el9                       appstream 
libieee1284-devel.i686                               0.2.11-37.el9                       appstream 
libieee1284-devel.x86_64                             0.2.11-37.el9                       appstream 
libijs.i686                                          0.35-15.el9                         appstream 
libini_config.i686                                   1.3.1-53.el9                        baseos    
libini_config.x86_64                                 1.3.1-53.el9                        baseos    
libinput.i686                                        1.19.3-4.el9_2                      appstream 
libinput.x86_64                                      1.19.3-4.el9_2                      appstream 
libinput-utils.x86_64                                1.19.3-4.el9_2                      appstream 
libipa_hbac.i686                                     2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                   2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
libipt.i686                                          2.0.4-5.el9                         appstream 
libiptcdata.i686                                     1.0.5-9.el9                         appstream 
libiptcdata.x86_64                                   1.0.5-9.el9                         appstream 
libiscsi.i686                                        1.19.0-5.el9                        appstream 
libiscsi.x86_64                                      1.19.0-5.el9                        appstream 
libiscsi-utils.x86_64                                1.19.0-5.el9                        appstream 
libisoburn.i686                                      1.5.4-4.el9                         appstream 
libisoburn.x86_64                                    1.5.4-4.el9                         appstream 
libisoburn-doc.noarch                                1.5.4-4.el9                         appstream 
libisofs.i686                                        1.5.4-4.el9                         appstream 
libisofs.x86_64                                      1.5.4-4.el9                         appstream 
libisofs-doc.noarch                                  1.5.4-4.el9                         appstream 
libitm.i686                                          11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libitm.x86_64                                        11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libitm-devel.i686                                    11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libitm-devel.x86_64                                  11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libjcat.i686                                         0.1.6-3.el9                         baseos    
libjcat.x86_64                                       0.1.6-3.el9                         baseos    
libjose.i686                                         11-3.el9                            appstream 
libjose.x86_64                                       11-3.el9                            appstream 
libjpeg-turbo.i686                                   2.0.90-6.el9_1                      appstream 
libjpeg-turbo-devel.i686                             2.0.90-6.el9_1                      appstream 
libjpeg-turbo-devel.x86_64                           2.0.90-6.el9_1                      appstream 
libjpeg-turbo-utils.x86_64                           2.0.90-6.el9_1                      appstream 
libkadm5.i686                                        1.20.1-9.el9_2                      baseos    
libkadm5.x86_64                                      1.20.1-9.el9_2                      baseos    
libkcapi.i686                                        1.3.1-3.el9                         baseos    
libkcapi.x86_64                                      1.3.1-3.el9                         baseos    
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                             1.3.1-3.el9                         baseos    
libkeepalive.x86_64                                  0.3-16.el9                          appstream 
libksba.i686                                         1.5.1-6.el9_1                       baseos    
liblangtag.i686                                      0.6.3-8.el9.1                       appstream 
liblangtag.x86_64                                    0.6.3-8.el9.1                       appstream 
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.3-8.el9.1                       appstream 
liblayout.noarch                                     0.2.10-25.el9                       appstream 
libldac.i686                                         2.0.2.3-10.el9                      appstream 
libldac.x86_64                                       2.0.2.3-10.el9                      appstream 
libldb.i686                                          2.6.1-1.el9                         baseos    
libldb.x86_64                                        2.6.1-1.el9                         baseos    
libloader.noarch                                     1.1.3-32.el9                        appstream 
liblockfile.i686                                     1.14-10.el9.0.1                     baseos    
liblockfile.x86_64                                   1.14-10.el9.0.1                     baseos    
liblognorm.i686                                      2.0.6-4.el9                         appstream 
liblognorm.x86_64                                    2.0.6-4.el9                         appstream 
liblognorm-doc.x86_64                                2.0.6-4.el9                         appstream 
liblouis.i686                                        3.16.1-4.el9                        appstream 
liblouis.x86_64                                      3.16.1-4.el9                        appstream 
liblsan.x86_64                                       11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libluksmeta.i686                                     9-12.el9                            appstream 
libluksmeta.x86_64                                   9-12.el9                            appstream 
libmad.i686                                          0.15.1b-33.el9                      appstream 
libmad.x86_64                                        0.15.1b-33.el9                      appstream 
libmatchbox.i686                                     1.9-30.el9                          appstream 
libmatchbox.x86_64                                   1.9-30.el9                          appstream 
libmaxminddb.i686                                    1.5.2-3.el9                         appstream 
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                  1.5.2-3.el9                         appstream 
libmbim.i686                                         1.28.2-2.el9                        baseos    
libmbim.x86_64                                       1.28.2-2.el9                        baseos    
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                 1.28.2-2.el9                        baseos    
libmediaart.i686                                     1.9.5-2.el9                         appstream 
libmediaart.x86_64                                   1.9.5-2.el9                         appstream 
libmicrohttpd.i686                                   1:0.9.72-4.el9                      appstream 
libmicrohttpd.x86_64                                 1:0.9.72-4.el9                      appstream 
libmng.i686                                          2.0.3-17.el9                        appstream 
libmng.x86_64                                        2.0.3-17.el9                        appstream 
libmnl.i686                                          1.0.4-15.el9                        baseos    
libmnl.x86_64                                        1.0.4-15.el9                        baseos    
libmodulemd.i686                                     2.13.0-2.el9                        baseos    
libmount.i686                                        2.37.4-11.el9_2                     baseos    
libmount-devel.i686                                  2.37.4-11.el9_2                     appstream 
libmount-devel.x86_64                                2.37.4-11.el9_2                     appstream 
libmpc.i686                                          1.2.1-4.el9                         appstream 
libmpc-devel.i686                                    1.2.1-4.el9                         appstream 
libmpc-devel.x86_64                                  1.2.1-4.el9                         appstream 
libmpeg2.i686                                        0.5.1-24.el9.0.1                    appstream 
libmpeg2.x86_64                                      0.5.1-24.el9.0.1                    appstream 
libmspack.i686                                       0.10.1-0.7.alpha.el9                appstream 
libmspack.x86_64                                     0.10.1-0.7.alpha.el9                appstream 
libmspub.i686                                        0.1.4-17.el9                        appstream 
libmspub.x86_64                                      0.1.4-17.el9                        appstream 
libmtp.i686                                          1.1.18-6.el9                        appstream 
libmtp.x86_64                                        1.1.18-6.el9                        appstream 
libmwaw.i686                                         0.3.21-1.el9                        appstream 
libmwaw.x86_64                                       0.3.21-1.el9                        appstream 
libmypaint.i686                                      1.6.1-9.el9                         appstream 
libmypaint.x86_64                                    1.6.1-9.el9                         appstream 
libnbd.i686                                          1.14.2-1.el9                        appstream 
libnbd.x86_64                                        1.14.2-1.el9                        appstream 
libnbd-bash-completion.noarch                        1.14.2-1.el9                        appstream 
libndp.i686                                          1.8-4.el9                           baseos    
libndp.x86_64                                        1.8-4.el9                           baseos    
libnet.i686                                          1.2-6.el9                           appstream 
libnet.x86_64                                        1.2-6.el9                           appstream 
libnetapi.i686                                       4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
libnetapi.x86_64                                     4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
libnetfilter_conntrack.i686                          1.0.9-1.el9                         baseos    
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                        1.0.9-1.el9                         baseos    
libnetfilter_cthelper.i686                           1.0.0-22.el9                        appstream 
libnetfilter_cthelper.x86_64                         1.0.0-22.el9                        appstream 
libnetfilter_cttimeout.i686                          1.0.0-19.el9                        appstream 
libnetfilter_cttimeout.x86_64                        1.0.0-19.el9                        appstream 
libnetfilter_queue.i686                              1.0.5-1.el9                         appstream 
libnetfilter_queue.x86_64                            1.0.5-1.el9                         appstream 
libnfnetlink.i686                                    1.0.1-21.el9                        baseos    
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                  1.0.1-21.el9                        baseos    
libnfsidmap.i686                                     1:2.5.4-18.el9                      baseos    
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                   1:2.5.4-18.el9                      baseos    
libnftnl.i686                                        1.2.2-1.el9                         baseos    
libnftnl.x86_64                                      1.2.2-1.el9                         baseos    
libnghttp2.i686                                      1.43.0-5.el9                        baseos    
libnl3.i686                                          3.7.0-1.el9                         baseos    
libnl3.x86_64                                        3.7.0-1.el9                         baseos    
libnl3-cli.i686                                      3.7.0-1.el9                         baseos    
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                    3.7.0-1.el9                         baseos    
libnl3-devel.i686                                    3.7.0-1.el9                         appstream 
libnl3-devel.x86_64                                  3.7.0-1.el9                         appstream 
libnma.i686                                          1.8.40-1.el9                        appstream 
libnma.x86_64                                        1.8.40-1.el9                        appstream 
libnotify.i686                                       0.7.9-8.el9                         appstream 
libnotify.x86_64                                     0.7.9-8.el9                         appstream 
libnotify-devel.i686                                 0.7.9-8.el9                         appstream 
libnotify-devel.x86_64                               0.7.9-8.el9                         appstream 
libnsl.i686                                          2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
libnsl.x86_64                                        2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
libnsl2.i686                                         2.0.0-1.el9.0.1                     appstream 
libnsl2.x86_64                                       2.0.0-1.el9.0.1                     appstream 
libnumbertext.i686                                   1.0.6-4.el9                         appstream 
libnumbertext.x86_64                                 1.0.6-4.el9                         appstream 
libnvme.i686                                         1.2-3.el9_2                         baseos    
libnvme.x86_64                                       1.2-3.el9_2                         baseos    
libodfgen.i686                                       0.1.8-4.el9                         appstream 
libodfgen.x86_64                                     0.1.8-4.el9                         appstream 
libogg.i686                                          2:1.3.4-6.el9                       appstream 
libogg.x86_64                                        2:1.3.4-6.el9                       appstream 
libomp.i686                                          15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
libomp.x86_64                                        15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
libomp-devel.i686                                    15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
libomp-devel.x86_64                                  15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
libomp-test.x86_64                                   15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
libopenraw.i686                                      0.1.3-11.el9                        appstream 
libopenraw.x86_64                                    0.1.3-11.el9                        appstream 
liborcus.i686                                        0.16.1-8.el9                        appstream 
liborcus.x86_64                                      0.16.1-8.el9                        appstream 
libosinfo.i686                                       1.10.0-1.el9                        appstream 
libosinfo.x86_64                                     1.10.0-1.el9                        appstream 
libotf.i686                                          0.9.13-20.el9                       appstream 
libotf.x86_64                                        0.9.13-20.el9                       appstream 
libotr.i686                                          4.1.1-13.el9                        appstream 
libotr.x86_64                                        4.1.1-13.el9                        appstream 
libpagemaker.i686                                    0.0.4-13.el9                        appstream 
libpagemaker.x86_64                                  0.0.4-13.el9                        appstream 
libpaper.i686                                        1.1.28-4.el9                        appstream 
libpath_utils.i686                                   0.2.1-53.el9                        baseos    
libpath_utils.x86_64                                 0.2.1-53.el9                        baseos    
libpcap.i686                                         14:1.10.0-4.el9                     baseos    
libpcap.x86_64                                       14:1.10.0-4.el9                     baseos    
libpciaccess.i686                                    0.16-6.el9                          baseos    
libpciaccess.x86_64                                  0.16-6.el9                          baseos    
libpciaccess-devel.i686                              0.16-6.el9                          appstream 
libpciaccess-devel.x86_64                            0.16-6.el9                          appstream 
libpeas.i686                                         1.30.0-4.el9                        baseos    
libpeas.x86_64                                       1.30.0-4.el9                        baseos    
libpeas-gtk.i686                                     1.30.0-4.el9                        appstream 
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                   1.30.0-4.el9                        appstream 
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                        1.30.0-4.el9                        appstream 
libpfm.i686                                          4.11.0-6.el9                        appstream 
libpfm.x86_64                                        4.11.0-6.el9                        appstream 
libpfm-devel.i686                                    4.11.0-6.el9                        appstream 
libpfm-devel.x86_64                                  4.11.0-6.el9                        appstream 
libpgtypes.i686                                      13.5-1.el9.0.1                      appstream 
libpgtypes.x86_64                                    13.5-1.el9.0.1                      appstream 
libpinyin.i686                                       2.6.0-4.el9                         appstream 
libpinyin.x86_64                                     2.6.0-4.el9                         appstream 
libpinyin-data.i686                                  2.6.0-4.el9                         appstream 
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                2.6.0-4.el9                         appstream 
libpipeline.i686                                     1.5.3-4.el9                         baseos    
libpipeline.x86_64                                   1.5.3-4.el9                         baseos    
libpkgconf.i686                                      1.7.3-10.el9                        baseos    
libpmem.x86_64                                       1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmem-debug.x86_64                                 1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmem-devel.x86_64                                 1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmem2.x86_64                                      1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmem2-debug.x86_64                                1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmem2-devel.x86_64                                1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmemblk.x86_64                                    1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmemblk-debug.x86_64                              1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmemblk-devel.x86_64                              1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmemlog.x86_64                                    1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmemlog-debug.x86_64                              1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmemlog-devel.x86_64                              1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmemobj.x86_64                                    1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmemobj++-devel.x86_64                            1.13.0-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmemobj++-doc.x86_64                              1.13.0-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmemobj-debug.x86_64                              1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmemobj-devel.x86_64                              1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmempool.x86_64                                   1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmempool-debug.x86_64                             1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpmempool-devel.x86_64                             1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
libpng.i686                                          2:1.6.37-12.el9                     baseos    
libpng-devel.i686                                    2:1.6.37-12.el9                     appstream 
libpng-devel.x86_64                                  2:1.6.37-12.el9                     appstream 
libpng15.i686                                        1.5.30-14.el9                       appstream 
libpng15.x86_64                                      1.5.30-14.el9                       appstream 
libpq.i686                                           13.5-1.el9                          appstream 
libpq.x86_64                                         13.5-1.el9                          appstream 
libpq-devel.i686                                     13.5-1.el9                          appstream 
libpq-devel.x86_64                                   13.5-1.el9                          appstream 
libproxy.i686                                        0.4.15-35.el9                       baseos    
libproxy.x86_64                                      0.4.15-35.el9                       baseos    
libproxy-bin.x86_64                                  0.4.15-35.el9                       appstream 
libproxy-gnome.x86_64                                0.4.15-35.el9                       appstream 
libproxy-webkitgtk4.x86_64                           0.4.15-35.el9                       appstream 
libpsl.i686                                          0.21.1-5.el9                        baseos    
libpsl.x86_64                                        0.21.1-5.el9                        baseos    
libpsl-devel.i686                                    0.21.1-5.el9                        appstream 
libpsl-devel.x86_64                                  0.21.1-5.el9                        appstream 
libpsm2.x86_64                                       11.2.230-1.el9                      appstream 
libpst-libs.i686                                     0.6.75-12.el9                       appstream 
libpst-libs.x86_64                                   0.6.75-12.el9                       appstream 
libpwquality.i686                                    1.4.4-8.el9                         baseos    
libqb.i686                                           2.0.6-2.el9_1                       appstream 
libqb.x86_64                                         2.0.6-2.el9_1                       appstream 
libqmi.i686                                          1.32.2-1.el9                        baseos    
libqmi.x86_64                                        1.32.2-1.el9                        baseos    
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                  1.32.2-1.el9                        baseos    
libqrtr-glib.i686                                    1.2.2-1.el9                         baseos    
libqrtr-glib.x86_64                                  1.2.2-1.el9                         baseos    
libquadmath.i686                                     11.3.1-4.3.el9                      baseos    
libquadmath.x86_64                                   11.3.1-4.3.el9                      baseos    
libquadmath-devel.i686                               11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                             11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libqxp.i686                                          0.0.2-11.el9                        appstream 
libqxp.x86_64                                        0.0.2-11.el9                        appstream 
librabbitmq.i686                                     0.11.0-5.el9                        appstream 
librabbitmq.x86_64                                   0.11.0-5.el9                        appstream 
librabbitmq-tools.x86_64                             0.11.0-5.el9                        appstream 
librados2.x86_64                                     2:16.2.4-5.el9                      appstream 
librbd1.x86_64                                       2:16.2.4-5.el9                      appstream 
librdkafka.i686                                      1.6.1-102.el9                       appstream 
librdkafka.x86_64                                    1.6.1-102.el9                       appstream 
librdmacm.i686                                       44.0-2.el9                          baseos    
librdmacm.x86_64                                     44.0-2.el9                          baseos    
librdmacm-utils.x86_64                               44.0-2.el9                          baseos    
libref_array.i686                                    0.1.5-53.el9                        baseos    
libref_array.x86_64                                  0.1.5-53.el9                        baseos    
librelp.i686                                         1.10.0-4.el9                        appstream 
librelp.x86_64                                       1.10.0-4.el9                        appstream 
libreoffice.x86_64                                   1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-base.x86_64                              1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                              1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-core.x86_64                              1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-data.noarch                              1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-draw.x86_64                              1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                        1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-gdb-debug-support.x86_64                 1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                     1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                              1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-ar.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-bg.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-bn.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-ca.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-cs.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-da.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-de.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-dz.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-el.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-eo.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-es.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-et.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-eu.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-fi.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-fr.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-gl.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-gu.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-he.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-hi.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-hr.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-hu.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-id.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-it.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-ja.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-ko.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-lt.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-lv.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-nb.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-nl.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-nn.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-pl.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-pt-BR.x86_64                        1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-pt-PT.x86_64                        1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-ro.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-ru.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-si.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-sk.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-sl.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-sv.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-ta.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-tr.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-uk.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-zh-Hans.x86_64                      1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-help-zh-Hant.x86_64                      1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                           1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-af.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ar.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-as.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-bg.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-bn.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-br.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ca.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-cs.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-cy.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-da.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-de.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-dz.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-el.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-eo.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-es.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-et.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-eu.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-fa.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-fi.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-fr.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-fy.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ga.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-gl.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-gu.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-he.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-hi.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-hr.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-hu.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-id.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-it.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ja.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-kk.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-kn.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ko.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-lt.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-lv.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-mai.x86_64                      1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ml.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-mr.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-nb.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-nl.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-nn.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-nr.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-nso.x86_64                      1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-or.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-pa.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-pl.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-pt-BR.x86_64                    1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-pt-PT.x86_64                    1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ro.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ru.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-si.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-sk.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-sl.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-sr.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ss.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-st.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-sv.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ta.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-te.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-th.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-tn.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-tr.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ts.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-uk.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-ve.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-xh.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-zh-Hans.x86_64                  1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-zh-Hant.x86_64                  1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-langpack-zu.x86_64                       1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-math.x86_64                              1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                          1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                         1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                             1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                               1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-ure-common.noarch                        1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-voikko.x86_64                            5.0-10.el9                          appstream 
libreoffice-wiki-publisher.x86_64                    1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                            1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                               1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                        1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
libreofficekit.x86_64                                1:7.1.8.1-8.el9_1                   appstream 
librepo.i686                                         1.14.5-1.el9                        baseos    
libreport.i686                                       2.15.2-6.el9.rocky.0.2              appstream 
libreport.x86_64                                     2.15.2-6.el9.rocky.0.2              appstream 
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                            2.15.2-6.el9.rocky.0.2              appstream 
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.15.2-6.el9.rocky.0.2              appstream 
libreport-gtk.i686                                   2.15.2-6.el9.rocky.0.2              appstream 
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.15.2-6.el9.rocky.0.2              appstream 
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.15.2-6.el9.rocky.0.2              appstream 
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.15.2-6.el9.rocky.0.2              appstream 
libreport-web.i686                                   2.15.2-6.el9.rocky.0.2              appstream 
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.15.2-6.el9.rocky.0.2              appstream 
librepository.noarch                                 1.1.3-31.el9                        appstream 
libreswan.x86_64                                     4.9-4.el9_2                         appstream 
librevenge.i686                                      0.0.4-22.el9                        appstream 
librevenge.x86_64                                    0.0.4-22.el9                        appstream 
librevenge-gdb.x86_64                                0.0.4-22.el9                        appstream 
librhsm.i686                                         0.0.3-7.el9.0.1                     baseos    
librhsm.x86_64                                       0.0.3-7.el9.0.1                     baseos    
librsvg2.i686                                        2.50.7-1.el9_2.1                    appstream 
librsvg2-devel.i686                                  2.50.7-1.el9_2.1                    appstream 
librsvg2-devel.x86_64                                2.50.7-1.el9_2.1                    appstream 
librsvg2-tools.x86_64                                2.50.7-1.el9_2.1                    appstream 
libsamplerate.i686                                   0.1.9-10.el9                        appstream 
libsamplerate.x86_64                                 0.1.9-10.el9                        appstream 
libsane-airscan.i686                                 0.99.24-3.el9                       appstream 
libsane-airscan.x86_64                               0.99.24-3.el9                       appstream 
libsane-hpaio.i686                                   3.21.2-6.el9                        appstream 
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                 3.21.2-6.el9                        appstream 
libsbc.i686                                          1.4-9.el9                           appstream 
libsbc.x86_64                                        1.4-9.el9                           appstream 
libseccomp.i686                                      2.5.2-2.el9                         baseos    
libseccomp.x86_64                                    2.5.2-2.el9                         baseos    
libseccomp-devel.i686                                2.5.2-2.el9                         appstream 
libseccomp-devel.x86_64                              2.5.2-2.el9                         appstream 
libsecret.i686                                       0.20.4-4.el9                        appstream 
libsecret.x86_64                                     0.20.4-4.el9                        appstream 
libsecret-devel.i686                                 0.20.4-4.el9                        appstream 
libsecret-devel.x86_64                               0.20.4-4.el9                        appstream 
libselinux.i686                                      3.5-1.el9                           baseos    
libselinux-devel.i686                                3.5-1.el9                           appstream 
libselinux-devel.x86_64                              3.5-1.el9                           appstream 
libselinux-ruby.x86_64                               3.5-1.el9                           appstream 
libselinux-utils.x86_64                              3.5-1.el9                           baseos    
libsemanage.i686                                     3.5-1.el9                           baseos    
libsepol.i686                                        3.5-1.el9                           baseos    
libsepol-devel.i686                                  3.5-1.el9                           appstream 
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                3.5-1.el9                           appstream 
libsepol-utils.x86_64                                3.5-1.el9                           appstream 
libserf.i686                                         1.3.9-26.el9                        appstream 
libserf.x86_64                                       1.3.9-26.el9                        appstream 
libserializer.noarch                                 1.1.2-30.el9                        appstream 
libshaderc.i686                                      2023.1-2.el9                        appstream 
libshaderc.x86_64                                    2023.1-2.el9                        appstream 
libshout.i686                                        2.4.3-7.el9                         appstream 
libshout.x86_64                                      2.4.3-7.el9                         appstream 
libsigc++20.i686                                     2.10.7-2.el9                        appstream 
libsigc++20.x86_64                                   2.10.7-2.el9                        appstream 
libsigsegv.i686                                      2.13-4.el9                          baseos    
libslirp.i686                                        4.4.0-7.el9                         appstream 
libslirp.x86_64                                      4.4.0-7.el9                         appstream 
libsmartcols.i686                                    2.37.4-11.el9_2                     baseos    
libsmbclient.i686                                    4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
libsmbclient.x86_64                                  4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
libsmbios.i686                                       2.4.3-4.el9                         baseos    
libsmbios.x86_64                                     2.4.3-4.el9                         baseos    
libsmi.i686                                          0.4.8-30.el9                        appstream 
libsmi.x86_64                                        0.4.8-30.el9                        appstream 
libsndfile.i686                                      1.0.31-7.el9                        appstream 
libsndfile.x86_64                                    1.0.31-7.el9                        appstream 
libsndfile-utils.x86_64                              1.0.31-7.el9                        appstream 
libsolv.i686                                         0.7.22-4.el9                        baseos    
libsoup.i686                                         2.72.0-8.el9                        appstream 
libsoup.x86_64                                       2.72.0-8.el9                        appstream 
libsoup-devel.i686                                   2.72.0-8.el9                        appstream 
libsoup-devel.x86_64                                 2.72.0-8.el9                        appstream 
libspectre.i686                                      0.2.9-6.el9                         appstream 
libspectre.x86_64                                    0.2.9-6.el9                         appstream 
libspiro.i686                                        20200505-5.el9                      appstream 
libspiro.x86_64                                      20200505-5.el9                      appstream 
libsrtp.i686                                         2.3.0-7.el9                         appstream 
libsrtp.x86_64                                       2.3.0-7.el9                         appstream 
libss.i686                                           1.46.5-3.el9                        baseos    
libss.x86_64                                         1.46.5-3.el9                        baseos    
libssh.i686                                          0.10.4-8.el9                        baseos    
libssh.x86_64                                        0.10.4-8.el9                        baseos    
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.10.4-8.el9                        baseos    
libssh-devel.i686                                    0.10.4-8.el9                        appstream 
libssh-devel.x86_64                                  0.10.4-8.el9                        appstream 
libsss_autofs.x86_64                                 2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
libsss_certmap.i686                                  2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
libsss_idmap.i686                                    2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
libsss_nss_idmap.i686                                2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
libsss_simpleifp.i686                                2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
libsss_simpleifp.x86_64                              2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
libstaroffice.i686                                   0.0.7-5.el9                         appstream 
libstaroffice.x86_64                                 0.0.7-5.el9                         appstream 
libstdc++.i686                                       11.3.1-4.3.el9                      baseos    
libstdc++-devel.i686                                 11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libstdc++-docs.x86_64                                11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libstemmer.i686                                      0-18.585svn.el9                     appstream 
libstemmer.x86_64                                    0-18.585svn.el9                     appstream 
libstoragemgmt.i686                                  1.9.5-1.el9                         appstream 
libstoragemgmt.x86_64                                1.9.5-1.el9                         appstream 
libstoragemgmt-arcconf-plugin.noarch                 1.9.5-1.el9                         appstream 
libstoragemgmt-hpsa-plugin.noarch                    1.9.5-1.el9                         appstream 
libstoragemgmt-local-plugin.noarch                   1.9.5-1.el9                         appstream 
libstoragemgmt-megaraid-plugin.noarch                1.9.5-1.el9                         appstream 
libstoragemgmt-nfs-plugin.x86_64                     1.9.5-1.el9                         appstream 
libstoragemgmt-smis-plugin.noarch                    1.9.5-1.el9                         appstream 
libstoragemgmt-targetd-plugin.noarch                 1.9.5-1.el9                         appstream 
libstoragemgmt-udev.x86_64                           1.9.5-1.el9                         appstream 
libsysfs.i686                                        2.1.1-10.el9                        baseos    
libsysfs.x86_64                                      2.1.1-10.el9                        baseos    
libtalloc.i686                                       2.3.4-1.el9                         baseos    
libtalloc.x86_64                                     2.3.4-1.el9                         baseos    
libtasn1.i686                                        4.16.0-8.el9_1                      baseos    
libtasn1-devel.i686                                  4.16.0-8.el9_1                      appstream 
libtasn1-devel.x86_64                                4.16.0-8.el9_1                      appstream 
libtasn1-tools.x86_64                                4.16.0-8.el9_1                      appstream 
libtdb.i686                                          1.4.7-1.el9                         baseos    
libtdb.x86_64                                        1.4.7-1.el9                         baseos    
libteam.i686                                         1.31-16.el9_1                       baseos    
libteam.x86_64                                       1.31-16.el9_1                       baseos    
libtevent.i686                                       0.13.0-1.el9                        baseos    
libtevent.x86_64                                     0.13.0-1.el9                        baseos    
libthai.i686                                         0.1.28-8.el9                        appstream 
libthai-devel.i686                                   0.1.28-8.el9                        appstream 
libthai-devel.x86_64                                 0.1.28-8.el9                        appstream 
libtheora.i686                                       1:1.1.1-31.el9                      appstream 
libtheora.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-31.el9                      appstream 
libtiff.i686                                         4.4.0-8.el9_2                       appstream 
libtiff-devel.i686                                   4.4.0-8.el9_2                       appstream 
libtiff-devel.x86_64                                 4.4.0-8.el9_2                       appstream 
libtimezonemap.i686                                  0.4.5.1-12.el9                      appstream 
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                0.4.5.1-12.el9                      appstream 
libtirpc.i686                                        1.3.3-1.el9                         baseos    
libtirpc.x86_64                                      1.3.3-1.el9                         baseos    
libtool-ltdl.i686                                    2.4.6-45.el9                        appstream 
libtpms.i686                                         0.9.1-3.20211126git1ff6fe1f43.el9_2 appstream 
libtpms.x86_64                                       0.9.1-3.20211126git1ff6fe1f43.el9_2 appstream 
libtracecmd.i686                                     0-9.el9                             baseos    
libtracecmd.x86_64                                   0-9.el9                             baseos    
libtraceevent.i686                                   1.5.3-3.el9                         baseos    
libtraceevent.x86_64                                 1.5.3-3.el9                         baseos    
libtracefs.i686                                      1.3.1-1.el9                         baseos    
libtracefs.x86_64                                    1.3.1-1.el9                         baseos    
libtracker-sparql.i686                               3.1.2-3.el9_1                       appstream 
libtracker-sparql.x86_64                             3.1.2-3.el9_1                       appstream 
libtsan.x86_64                                       11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libtsan2.x86_64                                      12.2.1-7.4.el9                      appstream 
libubsan.i686                                        11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libubsan.x86_64                                      11.3.1-4.3.el9                      appstream 
libudisks2.i686                                      2.9.4-7.el9                         appstream 
libudisks2.x86_64                                    2.9.4-7.el9                         appstream 
libunistring.i686                                    0.9.10-15.el9                       baseos    
liburing.i686                                        0.7-7.el9                           appstream 
liburing.x86_64                                      0.7-7.el9                           appstream 
libusb.i686                                          1:0.1.7-5.el9                       appstream 
libusb.x86_64                                        1:0.1.7-5.el9                       appstream 
libusbx.i686                                         1.0.26-1.el9                        baseos    
libusbx-devel.i686                                   1.0.26-1.el9                        appstream 
libusbx-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.26-1.el9                        appstream 
libuser.i686                                         0.63-12.el9                         baseos    
libutempter.i686                                     1.2.1-6.el9                         baseos    
libuuid.i686                                         2.37.4-11.el9_2                     baseos    
libuuid-devel.i686                                   2.37.4-11.el9_2                     appstream 
libuuid-devel.x86_64                                 2.37.4-11.el9_2                     appstream 
libuv.i686                                           1:1.42.0-1.el9                      appstream 
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.42.0-1.el9                      appstream 
libv4l.i686                                          1.20.0-5.el9                        appstream 
libv4l.x86_64                                        1.20.0-5.el9                        appstream 
libva.i686                                           2.11.0-5.el9                        appstream 
libva.x86_64                                         2.11.0-5.el9                        appstream 
libva-devel.i686                                     2.11.0-5.el9                        appstream 
libva-devel.x86_64                                   2.11.0-5.el9                        appstream 
libvdpau.i686                                        1.5-1.el9                           appstream 
libvdpau.x86_64                                      1.5-1.el9                           appstream 
libvdpau-trace.i686                                  1.5-1.el9                           appstream 
libvdpau-trace.x86_64                                1.5-1.el9                           appstream 
libverto.i686                                        0.3.2-3.el9                         baseos    
libverto-devel.i686                                  0.3.2-3.el9                         appstream 
libverto-devel.x86_64                                0.3.2-3.el9                         appstream 
libverto-libev.i686                                  0.3.2-3.el9                         baseos    
libverto-libev.x86_64                                0.3.2-3.el9                         baseos    
libvirt.x86_64                                       9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-client.x86_64                                9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                 9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-config-nwfilter.x86_64                9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64               9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                 9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                 9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                    9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                  9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                 9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64            9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64            9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64           9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64         9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64           9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64             9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64            9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                            9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-dbus.x86_64                                  1.4.1-5.el9                         appstream 
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                  4.0.0-3.el9                         appstream 
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                  9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvirt-nss.x86_64                                   9.0.0-10.3.el9_2                    appstream 
libvisio.i686                                        0.1.7-9.el9                         appstream 
libvisio.x86_64                                      0.1.7-9.el9                         appstream 
libvisual.i686                                       1:0.4.0-34.el9                      appstream 
libvisual.x86_64                                     1:0.4.0-34.el9                      appstream 
libvma.x86_64                                        9.6.4-1.el9                         appstream 
libvma-utils.x86_64                                  9.6.4-1.el9                         appstream 
libvoikko.i686                                       4.3-7.el9                           appstream 
libvoikko.x86_64                                     4.3-7.el9                           appstream 
libvorbis.i686                                       1:1.3.7-5.el9                       appstream 
libvorbis.x86_64                                     1:1.3.7-5.el9                       appstream 
libvpx.i686                                          1.9.0-5.el9                         appstream 
libvpx.x86_64                                        1.9.0-5.el9                         appstream 
libwacom.i686                                        1.12.1-2.el9                        appstream 
libwacom.x86_64                                      1.12.1-2.el9                        appstream 
libwacom-data.noarch                                 1.12.1-2.el9                        appstream 
libwayland-client.i686                               1.21.0-1.el9                        appstream 
libwayland-client.x86_64                             1.21.0-1.el9                        appstream 
libwayland-cursor.i686                               1.21.0-1.el9                        appstream 
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                             1.21.0-1.el9                        appstream 
libwayland-egl.i686                                  1.21.0-1.el9                        appstream 
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                1.21.0-1.el9                        appstream 
libwayland-server.i686                               1.21.0-1.el9                        appstream 
libwayland-server.x86_64                             1.21.0-1.el9                        appstream 
libwbclient.i686                                     4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
libwbclient.x86_64                                   4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
libwebp.i686                                         1.2.0-7.el9_2                       appstream 
libwebp-devel.i686                                   1.2.0-7.el9_2                       appstream 
libwebp-devel.x86_64                                 1.2.0-7.el9_2                       appstream 
libwinpr.i686                                        2:2.4.1-5.el9                       appstream 
libwinpr.x86_64                                      2:2.4.1-5.el9                       appstream 
libwmf.i686                                          0.2.12-10.el9                       appstream 
libwmf.x86_64                                        0.2.12-10.el9                       appstream 
libwmf-lite.i686                                     0.2.12-10.el9                       appstream 
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                   0.2.12-10.el9                       appstream 
libwnck3.i686                                        40.0-2.el9                          appstream 
libwnck3.x86_64                                      40.0-2.el9                          appstream 
libwpd.i686                                          0.10.3-10.el9                       appstream 
libwpd.x86_64                                        0.10.3-10.el9                       appstream 
libwpe.i686                                          1.10.0-4.el9                        appstream 
libwpe.x86_64                                        1.10.0-4.el9                        appstream 
libwpg.i686                                          0.3.3-8.el9                         appstream 
libwpg.x86_64                                        0.3.3-8.el9                         appstream 
libwps.i686                                          0.4.12-4.el9                        appstream 
libwps.x86_64                                        0.4.12-4.el9                        appstream 
libwsman1.i686                                       2.6.8-23.el9                        appstream 
libwsman1.x86_64                                     2.6.8-23.el9                        appstream 
libxcb.i686                                          1.13.1-9.el9                        appstream 
libxcb-devel.i686                                    1.13.1-9.el9                        appstream 
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                  1.13.1-9.el9                        appstream 
libxcrypt.i686                                       4.4.18-3.el9                        baseos    
libxcrypt-compat.i686                                4.4.18-3.el9                        appstream 
libxcrypt-compat.x86_64                              4.4.18-3.el9                        appstream 
libxcrypt-devel.i686                                 4.4.18-3.el9                        appstream 
libxcvt.i686                                         0.1.2-2.el9                         appstream 
libxcvt.x86_64                                       0.1.2-2.el9                         appstream 
libxdp.i686                                          1.3.1-1.el9                         appstream 
libxdp.x86_64                                        1.3.1-1.el9                         appstream 
libxkbcommon.i686                                    1.0.3-4.el9                         appstream 
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                  1.0.3-4.el9                         appstream 
libxkbcommon-devel.i686                              1.0.3-4.el9                         appstream 
libxkbcommon-devel.x86_64                            1.0.3-4.el9                         appstream 
libxkbcommon-x11.i686                                1.0.3-4.el9                         appstream 
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                              1.0.3-4.el9                         appstream 
libxkbfile.i686                                      1.1.0-8.el9                         appstream 
libxkbfile.x86_64                                    1.1.0-8.el9                         appstream 
libxklavier.i686                                     5.4-20.el9                          appstream 
libxklavier.x86_64                                   5.4-20.el9                          appstream 
libxml2.i686                                         2.9.13-3.el9_2.1                    baseos    
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.9.13-3.el9_2.1                    baseos    
libxml2-devel.i686                                   2.9.13-3.el9_2.1                    appstream 
libxml2-devel.x86_64                                 2.9.13-3.el9_2.1                    appstream 
libxmlb.i686                                         0.3.10-1.el9                        baseos    
libxmlb.x86_64                                       0.3.10-1.el9                        baseos    
libxshmfence.i686                                    1.3-10.el9                          appstream 
libxshmfence.x86_64                                  1.3-10.el9                          appstream 
libxshmfence-devel.i686                              1.3-10.el9                          appstream 
libxshmfence-devel.x86_64                            1.3-10.el9                          appstream 
libxslt.i686                                         1.1.34-9.el9                        appstream 
libxslt-devel.i686                                   1.1.34-9.el9                        appstream 
libxslt-devel.x86_64                                 1.1.34-9.el9                        appstream 
libyaml.i686                                         0.2.5-7.el9                         baseos    
libyang.i686                                         2.0.7-2.el9                         appstream 
libyang.x86_64                                       2.0.7-2.el9                         appstream 
libzhuyin.i686                                       2.6.0-4.el9                         appstream 
libzhuyin.x86_64                                     2.6.0-4.el9                         appstream 
libzip.i686                                          1.7.3-7.el9                         appstream 
libzip.x86_64                                        1.7.3-7.el9                         appstream 
libzmf.i686                                          0.0.2-18.el9                        appstream 
libzmf.x86_64                                        0.0.2-18.el9                        appstream 
libzstd.i686                                         1.5.1-2.el9                         baseos    
libzstd-devel.i686                                   1.5.1-2.el9                         appstream 
linux-firmware.noarch                                20230310-135.el9_2                  baseos    
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20230310-135.el9_2                  baseos    
linuxconsoletools.x86_64                             1.7.1-3.el9                         appstream 
linuxptp.x86_64                                      3.1.1-6.el9_2.2                     appstream 
lklug-fonts.noarch                                   0.6-26.20090803cvs.el9              appstream 
lksctp-tools.i686                                    1.0.19-2.el9                        baseos    
lksctp-tools-devel.i686                              1.0.19-2.el9                        appstream 
lksctp-tools-devel.x86_64                            1.0.19-2.el9                        appstream 
lksctp-tools-doc.x86_64                              1.0.19-2.el9                        appstream 
lld.i686                                             15.0.7-4.el9                        appstream 
lld.x86_64                                           15.0.7-4.el9                        appstream 
lld-devel.i686                                       15.0.7-4.el9                        appstream 
lld-devel.x86_64                                     15.0.7-4.el9                        appstream 
lld-libs.i686                                        15.0.7-4.el9                        appstream 
lld-libs.x86_64                                      15.0.7-4.el9                        appstream 
lldb.i686                                            15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
lldb.x86_64                                          15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
lldb-devel.i686                                      15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
lldb-devel.x86_64                                    15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
lldpad.i686                                          1.1.0-4.git85e5583.el9              baseos    
lldpad.x86_64                                        1.1.0-4.git85e5583.el9              baseos    
lldpd.i686                                           1.0.4-10.el9                        appstream 
lldpd.x86_64                                         1.0.4-10.el9                        appstream 
llvm.i686                                            15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
llvm.x86_64                                          15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
llvm-devel.i686                                      15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
llvm-devel.x86_64                                    15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
llvm-doc.noarch                                      15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
llvm-googletest.x86_64                               15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
llvm-libs.i686                                       15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
llvm-static.i686                                     15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
llvm-static.x86_64                                   15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
llvm-test.i686                                       15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
llvm-test.x86_64                                     15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
llvm-toolset.x86_64                                  15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
lm_sensors.x86_64                                    3.6.0-10.el9                        appstream 
lm_sensors-devel.i686                                3.6.0-10.el9                        appstream 
lm_sensors-devel.x86_64                              3.6.0-10.el9                        appstream 
lm_sensors-libs.i686                                 3.6.0-10.el9                        appstream 
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                               3.6.0-10.el9                        appstream 
lm_sensors-sensord.x86_64                            3.6.0-10.el9                        appstream 
lmdb-libs.i686                                       0.9.29-3.el9                        baseos    
lmdb-libs.x86_64                                     0.9.29-3.el9                        baseos    
lockdev.i686                                         1.0.4-0.37.20111007git.el9          baseos    
lockdev.x86_64                                       1.0.4-0.37.20111007git.el9          baseos    
log4j.noarch                                         2.17.2-1.el9                        appstream 
log4j-jcl.noarch                                     2.17.2-1.el9                        appstream 
log4j-slf4j.noarch                                   2.17.2-1.el9                        appstream 
logrotate.x86_64                                     3.18.0-8.el9                        baseos    
logwatch.noarch                                      7.5.5-4.el9                         appstream 
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                          2.91.5-13.el9                       appstream 
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                           2.91.5-13.el9                       appstream 
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                        2.95.4-14.el9                       appstream 
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                          2.92.4-13.el9                       appstream 
lohit-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch                          2.91.2-14.el9                       appstream 
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                           2.5.4-12.el9                        appstream 
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                           2.94.2-14.el9                       appstream 
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                              2.91.2-13.el9                       appstream 
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                             2.91.3-13.el9                       appstream 
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                            2.5.5-12.el9                        appstream 
lorax.x86_64                                         34.9.23-1.el9                       appstream 
lorax-docs.x86_64                                    34.9.23-1.el9                       appstream 
lorax-lmc-novirt.x86_64                              34.9.23-1.el9                       appstream 
lorax-lmc-virt.x86_64                                34.9.23-1.el9                       appstream 
lorax-templates-generic.x86_64                       34.9.23-1.el9                       appstream 
lorax-templates-rhel.noarch                          9.0-37.el9.rocky.0.1                appstream 
low-memory-monitor.x86_64                            2.1-4.el9                           appstream 
lpsolve.x86_64                                       5.5.2.0-28.el9                      appstream 
lrzsz.x86_64                                         0.12.20-55.el9                      baseos    
lshw.x86_64                                          B.02.19.2-9.el9                     baseos    
lshw-gui.x86_64                                      B.02.19.2-9.el9                     appstream 
lsof.x86_64                                          4.94.0-3.el9                        baseos    
lsscsi.x86_64                                        0.32-6.el9                          baseos    
lttng-ust.i686                                       2.12.0-6.el9                        appstream 
lttng-ust.x86_64                                     2.12.0-6.el9                        appstream 
lua-libs.i686                                        5.4.4-3.el9                         baseos    
lua-rpm-macros.noarch                                1-6.el9                             appstream 
luksmeta.x86_64                                      9-12.el9                            appstream 
lvm2.x86_64                                          9:2.03.17-7.el9                     baseos    
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                    9:2.03.17-7.el9                     appstream 
lvm2-libs.i686                                       9:2.03.17-7.el9                     baseos    
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                     9:2.03.17-7.el9                     baseos    
lvm2-lockd.x86_64                                    9:2.03.17-7.el9                     appstream 
lynx.x86_64                                          2.8.9-19.el9                        appstream 
lz4.x86_64                                           1.9.3-5.el9                         baseos    
lz4-devel.i686                                       1.9.3-5.el9                         appstream 
lz4-devel.x86_64                                     1.9.3-5.el9                         appstream 
lz4-libs.i686                                        1.9.3-5.el9                         baseos    
lzo.i686                                             2.10-7.el9                          baseos    
lzo.x86_64                                           2.10-7.el9                          baseos    
lzo-devel.i686                                       2.10-7.el9                          appstream 
lzo-devel.x86_64                                     2.10-7.el9                          appstream 
lzo-minilzo.i686                                     2.10-7.el9                          appstream 
lzo-minilzo.x86_64                                   2.10-7.el9                          appstream 
lzop.x86_64                                          1.04-8.el9                          baseos    
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.0-16.el9                        appstream 
m17n-lib.i686                                        1.8.0-13.el9                        appstream 
m17n-lib.x86_64                                      1.8.0-13.el9                        appstream 
madan-fonts.noarch                                   2.000-32.el9                        appstream 
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.49-5.el9                        baseos    
mallard-rng.noarch                                   1.1.0-7.el9                         appstream 
man-db.x86_64                                        2.9.3-7.el9                         baseos    
man-db-cron.noarch                                   2.9.3-7.el9                         appstream 
man-pages.noarch                                     5.10-6.el9                          baseos    
man-pages-overrides.noarch                           9.0.0.0-1.el9                       appstream 
mariadb.x86_64                                       3:10.5.16-2.el9_0                   appstream 
mariadb-backup.x86_64                                3:10.5.16-2.el9_0                   appstream 
mariadb-common.x86_64                                3:10.5.16-2.el9_0                   appstream 
mariadb-connector-c.i686                             3.2.6-1.el9_0                       appstream 
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                           3.2.6-1.el9_0                       appstream 
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.2.6-1.el9_0                       appstream 
mariadb-connector-c-devel.i686                       3.2.6-1.el9_0                       appstream 
mariadb-connector-c-devel.x86_64                     3.2.6-1.el9_0                       appstream 
mariadb-connector-odbc.x86_64                        3.1.12-3.el9                        appstream 
mariadb-embedded.x86_64                              3:10.5.16-2.el9_0                   appstream 
mariadb-errmsg.x86_64                                3:10.5.16-2.el9_0                   appstream 
mariadb-gssapi-server.x86_64                         3:10.5.16-2.el9_0                   appstream 
mariadb-java-client.noarch                           3.0.3-1.el9                         appstream 
mariadb-oqgraph-engine.x86_64                        3:10.5.16-2.el9_0                   appstream 
mariadb-pam.x86_64                                   3:10.5.16-2.el9_0                   appstream 
mariadb-server.x86_64                                3:10.5.16-2.el9_0                   appstream 
mariadb-server-galera.x86_64                         3:10.5.16-2.el9_0                   appstream 
mariadb-server-utils.x86_64                          3:10.5.16-2.el9_0                   appstream 
matchbox-window-manager.x86_64                       1.2-31.20070628svn.el9              appstream 
maven.noarch                                         1:3.6.3-15.el9                      appstream 
maven-lib.noarch                                     1:3.6.3-15.el9                      appstream 
maven-openjdk11.noarch                               1:3.6.3-15.el9                      appstream 
maven-openjdk17.noarch                               1:3.6.3-15.el9                      appstream 
maven-openjdk8.noarch                                1:3.6.3-15.el9                      appstream 
maven-resolver.noarch                                1:1.6.1-10.el9                      appstream 
maven-shared-utils.noarch                            3.3.4-3.el9                         appstream 
maven-wagon.noarch                                   3.4.2-7.el9                         appstream 
mc.x86_64                                            1:4.8.26-5.el9                      appstream 
mcelog.x86_64                                        3:189-0.el9                         baseos    
mcstrans.x86_64                                      3.5-1.el9                           baseos    
mdadm.x86_64                                         4.2-8.el9                           baseos    
mdevctl.x86_64                                       1.1.0-4.el9                         appstream 
mecab.x86_64                                         0.996-3.el9.3                       appstream 
mecab-ipadic.x86_64                                  2.7.0.20070801-24.el9               appstream 
mecab-ipadic-EUCJP.x86_64                            2.7.0.20070801-24.el9               appstream 
memcached.x86_64                                     1.6.9-7.el9                         appstream 
memcached-selinux.x86_64                             1.6.9-7.el9                         appstream 
memkind.x86_64                                       1.11.0-2.el9                        appstream 
memstrack.x86_64                                     0.2.4-1.el9                         appstream 
memtest86+.x86_64                                    5.31-0.4.beta.el9                   appstream 
mesa-demos.x86_64                                    8.4.0-12.20210504git0f9e7d9.el9.0.1 appstream 
mesa-dri-drivers.i686                                22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                              22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-filesystem.i686                                 22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                               22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libEGL.i686                                     22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                   22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libEGL-devel.i686                               22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libEGL-devel.x86_64                             22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libGL.i686                                      22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                    22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libGL-devel.i686                                22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libGL-devel.x86_64                              22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libGLU.i686                                     9.0.1-6.el9                         appstream 
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                   9.0.1-6.el9                         appstream 
mesa-libGLU-devel.i686                               9.0.1-6.el9                         appstream 
mesa-libGLU-devel.x86_64                             9.0.1-6.el9                         appstream 
mesa-libGLw.i686                                     8.0.0-23.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libGLw.x86_64                                   8.0.0-23.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libGLw-devel.i686                               8.0.0-23.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libGLw-devel.x86_64                             8.0.0-23.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libgbm.i686                                     22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                   22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libglapi.i686                                   22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                 22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libxatracker.i686                               22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                             22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-vulkan-drivers.i686                             22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                           22.3.0-2.el9                        appstream 
microcode_ctl.noarch                                 4:20220809-2.20230808.2.el9_2       baseos    
microdnf.x86_64                                      3.9.1-3.el9                         baseos    
micropipenv.noarch                                   1.0.2-5.el9                         appstream 
mingw-filesystem-base.noarch                         139-1.el9                           appstream 
mingw32-crt.noarch                                   10.0.0-3.el9                        appstream 
mingw32-filesystem.noarch                            139-1.el9                           appstream 
mingw32-srvany.noarch                                1.1-3.el9                           appstream 
minicom.x86_64                                       2.7.1-17.el9                        baseos    
mkpasswd.x86_64                                      5.5.9-4.el9                         appstream 
mksh.x86_64                                          59c-5.el9                           baseos    
mlocate.x86_64                                       0.26-30.el9                         baseos    
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20210805-2.el9                      appstream 
mod_auth_gssapi.x86_64                               1.6.3-7.el9                         appstream 
mod_auth_mellon.x86_64                               0.17.0-7.el9                        appstream 
mod_auth_openidc.x86_64                              2.4.9.4-1.el9                       appstream 
mod_authnz_pam.x86_64                                1.2.2-3.el9                         appstream 
mod_dav_svn.x86_64                                   1.14.1-5.el9_0                      appstream 
mod_fcgid.x86_64                                     2.3.9-28.el9                        appstream 
mod_http2.x86_64                                     1.15.19-4.el9_2.4                   appstream 
mod_intercept_form_submit.x86_64                     1.1.0-15.el9                        appstream 
mod_jk.x86_64                                        1.2.48-23.el9                       appstream 
mod_ldap.x86_64                                      2.4.53-11.el9_2.5                   appstream 
mod_lookup_identity.x86_64                           1.0.0-15.el9                        appstream 
mod_lua.x86_64                                       2.4.53-11.el9_2.5                   appstream 
mod_md.x86_64                                        1:2.4.19-1.el9                      appstream 
mod_proxy_cluster.x86_64                             1.3.18-1.el9                        appstream 
mod_proxy_html.x86_64                                1:2.4.53-11.el9_2.5                 appstream 
mod_security.x86_64                                  2.9.6-1.el9                         appstream 
mod_security-mlogc.x86_64                            2.9.6-1.el9                         appstream 
mod_security_crs.noarch                              3.3.4-1.el9                         appstream 
mod_session.x86_64                                   2.4.53-11.el9_2.5                   appstream 
mod_ssl.x86_64                                       1:2.4.53-11.el9_2.5                 appstream 
modulemd-tools.noarch                                0.9-3.el9                           appstream 
motif.i686                                           2.3.4-27.el9                        appstream 
motif.x86_64                                         2.3.4-27.el9                        appstream 
motif-devel.i686                                     2.3.4-27.el9                        appstream 
motif-devel.x86_64                                   2.3.4-27.el9                        appstream 
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                            1.9-30.el9                          appstream 
mpdecimal.i686                                       2.5.1-3.el9                         appstream 
mpdecimal.x86_64                                     2.5.1-3.el9                         appstream 
mpfr.i686                                            4.1.0-7.el9                         baseos    
mpfr-devel.i686                                      4.1.0-7.el9                         appstream 
mpfr-devel.x86_64                                    4.1.0-7.el9                         appstream 
mpg123.x86_64                                        1.26.2-5.el9                        appstream 
mpg123-libs.i686                                     1.26.2-5.el9                        appstream 
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                   1.26.2-5.el9                        appstream 
mpg123-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                     1.26.2-5.el9                        appstream 
mpich.x86_64                                         3.4.2-1.el9                         appstream 
mpich-autoload.x86_64                                3.4.2-1.el9                         appstream 
mpich-devel.i686                                     3.4.2-1.el9                         appstream 
mpich-devel.x86_64                                   3.4.2-1.el9                         appstream 
mpich-doc.noarch                                     3.4.2-1.el9                         appstream 
mpitests-mpich.x86_64                                5.8-1.el9                           appstream 
mpitests-mvapich2.x86_64                             5.8-1.el9                           appstream 
mpitests-mvapich2-psm2.x86_64                        5.8-1.el9                           appstream 
mpitests-openmpi.x86_64                              5.8-1.el9                           appstream 
mptcpd.i686                                          0.8-3.el9                           appstream 
mptcpd.x86_64                                        0.8-3.el9                           appstream 
mrtg.x86_64                                          2.17.7-10.el9                       appstream 
mstflint.x86_64                                      4.23.0-2.el9                        appstream 
mt-st.x86_64                                         1.4-7.el9                           appstream 
mtdev.i686                                           1.1.5-22.el9                        appstream 
mtdev.x86_64                                         1.1.5-22.el9                        appstream 
mtools.x86_64                                        4.0.26-4.el9_0                      baseos    
mtr.x86_64                                           2:0.94-4.el9                        baseos    
mtr-gtk.x86_64                                       2:0.94-4.el9                        appstream 
mtx.x86_64                                           1.3.12-26.el9                       appstream 
munge.x86_64                                         0.5.13-13.el9                       appstream 
munge-libs.i686                                      0.5.13-13.el9                       appstream 
munge-libs.x86_64                                    0.5.13-13.el9                       appstream 
mutt.x86_64                                          5:2.2.6-1.el9                       appstream 
mutter.i686                                          40.9-14.el9                         appstream 
mutter.x86_64                                        40.9-14.el9                         appstream 
mvapich2.i686                                        2.3.6-3.el9                         appstream 
mvapich2.x86_64                                      2.3.6-3.el9                         appstream 
mvapich2-devel.i686                                  2.3.6-3.el9                         appstream 
mvapich2-devel.x86_64                                2.3.6-3.el9                         appstream 
mvapich2-doc.noarch                                  2.3.6-3.el9                         appstream 
mvapich2-psm2.x86_64                                 2.3.6-3.el9                         appstream 
mypaint-brushes.noarch                               1.3.1-6.el9                         appstream 
mysql.x86_64                                         8.0.32-1.el9_2                      appstream 
mysql-common.x86_64                                  8.0.32-1.el9_2                      appstream 
mysql-errmsg.x86_64                                  8.0.32-1.el9_2                      appstream 
mysql-selinux.noarch                                 1.0.5-1.el9_0                       appstream 
mysql-server.x86_64                                  8.0.32-1.el9_2                      appstream 
mythes.i686                                          1.2.4-18.el9                        appstream 
mythes.x86_64                                        1.2.4-18.el9                        appstream 
mythes-bg.noarch                                     4.3-21.el9                          appstream 
mythes-ca.noarch                                     1.5.0-24.el9                        appstream 
mythes-cs.noarch                                     0.20070926-27.el9                   appstream 
mythes-da.noarch                                     0.20100629.15.16-22.el9             appstream 
mythes-de.noarch                                     0.20210302-3.el9                    appstream 
mythes-el.noarch                                     0.20070412-27.el9                   appstream 
mythes-en.noarch                                     3.0-33.el9                          appstream 
mythes-eo.noarch                                     0.20180330-8.el9                    appstream 
mythes-es.noarch                                     2.3-10.el9                          appstream 
mythes-fr.noarch                                     2.3-19.el9                          appstream 
mythes-ga.noarch                                     0.20071001-27.el9                   appstream 
mythes-hu.noarch                                     0.20101019-23.el9                   appstream 
mythes-it.noarch                                     2.0.9l-26.el9                       appstream 
mythes-lv.noarch                                     1.0.0-15.el9                        appstream 
mythes-nb.noarch                                     1:2.0.10-15.el9                     appstream 
mythes-nl.noarch                                     0.20130131-17.el9                   appstream 
mythes-nn.noarch                                     1:2.0.10-15.el9                     appstream 
mythes-pl.noarch                                     1.5-28.el9                          appstream 
mythes-pt.noarch                                     0.20060817-27.el9                   appstream 
mythes-ro.noarch                                     3.3-22.el9                          appstream 
mythes-ru.noarch                                     0.20070613-25.el9                   appstream 
mythes-sk.noarch                                     0.20130130-19.el9                   appstream 
mythes-sl.noarch                                     0.20130130-19.el9                   appstream 
mythes-sv.noarch                                     1.3-21.el9                          appstream 
mythes-uk.noarch                                     1.6.5-22.el9                        appstream 
nano.x86_64                                          5.6.1-5.el9                         baseos    
nautilus.x86_64                                      40.2-11.el9                         appstream 
nautilus-extensions.i686                             40.2-11.el9                         appstream 
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                           40.2-11.el9                         appstream 
navilu-fonts.noarch                                  1.2-19.el9                          appstream 
nbdfuse.x86_64                                       1.14.2-1.el9                        appstream 
nbdkit.x86_64                                        1.32.5-4.el9                        appstream 
nbdkit-bash-completion.noarch                        1.32.5-4.el9                        appstream 
nbdkit-basic-filters.x86_64                          1.32.5-4.el9                        appstream 
nbdkit-basic-plugins.x86_64                          1.32.5-4.el9                        appstream 
nbdkit-curl-plugin.x86_64                            1.32.5-4.el9                        appstream 
nbdkit-gzip-filter.x86_64                            1.32.5-4.el9                        appstream 
nbdkit-linuxdisk-plugin.x86_64                       1.32.5-4.el9                        appstream 
nbdkit-nbd-plugin.x86_64                             1.32.5-4.el9                        appstream 
nbdkit-python-plugin.x86_64                          1.32.5-4.el9                        appstream 
nbdkit-server.x86_64                                 1.32.5-4.el9                        appstream 
nbdkit-ssh-plugin.x86_64                             1.32.5-4.el9                        appstream 
nbdkit-tar-filter.x86_64                             1.32.5-4.el9                        appstream 
nbdkit-tmpdisk-plugin.x86_64                         1.32.5-4.el9                        appstream 
nbdkit-vddk-plugin.x86_64                            1.32.5-4.el9                        appstream 
nbdkit-xz-filter.x86_64                              1.32.5-4.el9                        appstream 
ncurses-c++-libs.i686                                6.2-8.20210508.el9                  appstream 
ncurses-c++-libs.x86_64                              6.2-8.20210508.el9                  appstream 
ncurses-devel.i686                                   6.2-8.20210508.el9                  appstream 
ncurses-devel.x86_64                                 6.2-8.20210508.el9                  appstream 
ncurses-libs.i686                                    6.2-8.20210508.el9                  baseos    
ncurses-term.noarch                                  6.2-8.20210508.el9                  appstream 
ndctl.x86_64                                         71.1-8.el9                          baseos    
ndctl-devel.i686                                     71.1-8.el9                          appstream 
ndctl-devel.x86_64                                   71.1-8.el9                          appstream 
ndctl-libs.i686                                      71.1-8.el9                          baseos    
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                    71.1-8.el9                          baseos    
neon.i686                                            0.31.2-11.el9                       appstream 
neon.x86_64                                          0.31.2-11.el9                       appstream 
net-snmp.x86_64                                      1:5.9.1-11.el9_2                    appstream 
net-snmp-agent-libs.i686                             1:5.9.1-11.el9_2                    appstream 
net-snmp-agent-libs.x86_64                           1:5.9.1-11.el9_2                    appstream 
net-snmp-devel.i686                                  1:5.9.1-11.el9_2                    appstream 
net-snmp-devel.x86_64                                1:5.9.1-11.el9_2                    appstream 
net-snmp-libs.i686                                   1:5.9.1-11.el9_2                    appstream 
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                 1:5.9.1-11.el9_2                    appstream 
net-snmp-perl.x86_64                                 1:5.9.1-11.el9_2                    appstream 
net-snmp-utils.x86_64                                1:5.9.1-11.el9_2                    appstream 
net-tools.x86_64                                     2.0-0.62.20160912git.el9            baseos    
netavark.x86_64                                      2:1.5.1-2.el9_2                     appstream 
netconsole-service.noarch                            10.11.5-1.el9                       baseos    
netlabel_tools.x86_64                                0.30.0-13.el9                       baseos    
netpbm.i686                                          10.95.00-2.el9                      appstream 
netpbm.x86_64                                        10.95.00-2.el9                      appstream 
netpbm-progs.x86_64                                  10.95.00-2.el9                      appstream 
netronome-firmware.noarch                            20230310-135.el9_2                  baseos    
netstandard-targeting-pack-2.1.x86_64                7.0.111-1.el9_2                     appstream 
nettle.i686                                          3.8-3.el9_0                         baseos    
nettle-devel.i686                                    3.8-3.el9_0                         appstream 
nettle-devel.x86_64                                  3.8-3.el9_0                         appstream 
network-manager-applet.x86_64                        1.26.0-2.el9                        appstream 
newt.i686                                            0.52.21-11.el9                      baseos    
newt.x86_64                                          0.52.21-11.el9                      baseos    
newt-devel.i686                                      0.52.21-11.el9                      appstream 
newt-devel.x86_64                                    0.52.21-11.el9                      appstream 
nfs-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.5.4-18.el9                      baseos    
nfs-utils-coreos.x86_64                              1:2.5.4-18.el9                      appstream 
nfs4-acl-tools.x86_64                                0.4.2-0.el9                         baseos    
nfsv4-client-utils.x86_64                            1:2.5.4-18.el9                      appstream 
nftables.i686                                        1:1.0.4-10.el9_1                    baseos    
nftables.x86_64                                      1:1.0.4-10.el9_1                    baseos    
nginx.x86_64                                         1:1.20.1-14.el9                     appstream 
nginx-all-modules.noarch                             1:1.20.1-14.el9                     appstream 
nginx-core.x86_64                                    1:1.20.1-14.el9                     appstream 
nginx-filesystem.noarch                              1:1.20.1-14.el9                     appstream 
nginx-mod-http-image-filter.x86_64                   1:1.20.1-14.el9                     appstream 
nginx-mod-http-perl.x86_64                           1:1.20.1-14.el9                     appstream 
nginx-mod-http-xslt-filter.x86_64                    1:1.20.1-14.el9                     appstream 
nginx-mod-mail.x86_64                                1:1.20.1-14.el9                     appstream 
nginx-mod-stream.x86_64                              1:1.20.1-14.el9                     appstream 
nispor.i686                                          1.2.10-1.el9                        appstream 
nispor.x86_64                                        1.2.10-1.el9                        appstream 
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                          1.26.0-2.el9                        appstream 
nmap.x86_64                                          3:7.91-12.el9                       appstream 
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                     3:7.91-12.el9                       appstream 
nmstate.x86_64                                       2.2.15-2.el9_2                      appstream 
nmstate-libs.i686                                    2.2.15-2.el9_2                      appstream 
nmstate-libs.x86_64                                  2.2.15-2.el9_2                      appstream 
nodejs.x86_64                                        1:16.20.1-2.el9_2                   appstream 
nodejs-docs.noarch                                   1:16.20.1-2.el9_2                   appstream 
nodejs-full-i18n.x86_64                              1:16.20.1-2.el9_2                   appstream 
nodejs-libs.i686                                     1:16.20.1-2.el9_2                   appstream 
nodejs-libs.x86_64                                   1:16.20.1-2.el9_2                   appstream 
nodejs-nodemon.noarch                                2.0.20-3.el9_2                      appstream 
npm.x86_64                                           1:8.19.4-1.16.20.1.2.el9_2          appstream 
npth.i686                                            1.6-8.el9                           baseos    
nscd.x86_64                                          2.34-60.el9                         baseos    
nspr.i686                                            4.35.0-3.el9_2                      appstream 
nspr-devel.i686                                      4.35.0-3.el9_2                      appstream 
nspr-devel.x86_64                                    4.35.0-3.el9_2                      appstream 
nss.i686                                             3.90.0-3.el9_2                      appstream 
nss-altfiles.i686                                    2.18.1-20.el9                       appstream 
nss-altfiles.x86_64                                  2.18.1-20.el9                       appstream 
nss-devel.i686                                       3.90.0-3.el9_2                      appstream 
nss-devel.x86_64                                     3.90.0-3.el9_2                      appstream 
nss-softokn.i686                                     3.90.0-3.el9_2                      appstream 
nss-softokn-devel.i686                               3.90.0-3.el9_2                      appstream 
nss-softokn-devel.x86_64                             3.90.0-3.el9_2                      appstream 
nss-softokn-freebl.i686                              3.90.0-3.el9_2                      appstream 
nss-softokn-freebl-devel.i686                        3.90.0-3.el9_2                      appstream 
nss-softokn-freebl-devel.x86_64                      3.90.0-3.el9_2                      appstream 
nss-util.i686                                        3.90.0-3.el9_2                      appstream 
nss-util-devel.i686                                  3.90.0-3.el9_2                      appstream 
nss-util-devel.x86_64                                3.90.0-3.el9_2                      appstream 
nss_wrapper.i686                                     1.1.13-1.el9                        appstream 
nss_wrapper.x86_64                                   1.1.13-1.el9                        appstream 
nss_wrapper-libs.i686                                1.1.13-1.el9                        appstream 
nss_wrapper-libs.x86_64                              1.1.13-1.el9                        appstream 
ntpstat.noarch                                       0.6-6.el9                           appstream 
ntsysv.x86_64                                        1.20-2.el9                          appstream 
numactl.x86_64                                       2.0.14-9.el9                        baseos    
numactl-devel.i686                                   2.0.14-9.el9                        appstream 
numactl-devel.x86_64                                 2.0.14-9.el9                        appstream 
numactl-libs.i686                                    2.0.14-9.el9                        baseos    
numad.x86_64                                         0.5-36.20150602git.el9              baseos    
numatop.x86_64                                       2.2-4.el9                           baseos    
nvme-cli.x86_64                                      2.2.1-4.el9_2                       baseos    
nvme-stas.noarch                                     2.1.1-1.el9                         appstream 
nvmetcli.noarch                                      0.7-3.el9                           baseos    
objectweb-asm.noarch                                 9.1-5.el9                           appstream 
oci-seccomp-bpf-hook.x86_64                          1.2.8-1.el9                         appstream 
ocl-icd.i686                                         2.2.13-4.el9                        appstream 
ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.2.13-4.el9                        appstream 
oddjob.x86_64                                        0.34.7-7.el9                        appstream 
oddjob-mkhomedir.x86_64                              0.34.7-7.el9                        appstream 
omping.x86_64                                        0.0.4-26.el9                        appstream 
ongres-scram.noarch                                  1.9~beta1-1.el9                     appstream 
ongres-scram-client.noarch                           1.9~beta1-1.el9                     appstream 
oniguruma.i686                                       6.9.6-1.el9.5                       appstream 
oniguruma.x86_64                                     6.9.6-1.el9.5                       appstream 
opa-address-resolution.x86_64                        1:10.11.1.3.1-1.el9                 appstream 
opa-basic-tools.x86_64                               1:10.11.1.3.1-1.el9                 appstream 
opa-fastfabric.x86_64                                1:10.11.1.3.1-1.el9                 appstream 
opa-fm.x86_64                                        1:10.11.2.0.3-1.el9                 appstream 
opa-libopamgt.x86_64                                 1:10.11.1.3.1-1.el9                 appstream 
open-sans-fonts.noarch                               1.10-16.el9                         appstream 
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                 12.1.5-1.el9_2.3                    appstream 
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                         12.1.5-1.el9_2.3                    appstream 
open-vm-tools-salt-minion.x86_64                     12.1.5-1.el9_2.3                    appstream 
open-vm-tools-sdmp.x86_64                            12.1.5-1.el9_2.3                    appstream 
open-vm-tools-test.x86_64                            12.1.5-1.el9_2.3                    appstream 
openal-soft.i686                                     1.19.1-16.el9                       appstream 
openal-soft.x86_64                                   1.19.1-16.el9                       appstream 
openblas.x86_64                                      0.3.21-2.el9                        appstream 
openblas-openmp.i686                                 0.3.21-2.el9                        appstream 
openblas-openmp.x86_64                               0.3.21-2.el9                        appstream 
openblas-serial.i686                                 0.3.21-2.el9                        appstream 
openblas-serial.x86_64                               0.3.21-2.el9                        appstream 
openchange.i686                                      2.3-40.el9                          appstream 
openchange.x86_64                                    2.3-40.el9                          appstream 
opencl-filesystem.noarch                             1.0-15.el9                          appstream 
opencl-headers.noarch                                3.0-6.20201007gitd65bcc5.el9        appstream 
opencryptoki.x86_64                                  3.19.0-2.el9                        baseos    
opencryptoki-icsftok.x86_64                          3.19.0-2.el9                        baseos    
opencryptoki-libs.i686                               3.19.0-2.el9                        baseos    
opencryptoki-libs.x86_64                             3.19.0-2.el9                        baseos    
opencryptoki-swtok.x86_64                            3.19.0-2.el9                        baseos    
opendnssec.x86_64                                    2.1.8-4.el9                         appstream 
openexr.x86_64                                       3.1.1-2.el9                         appstream 
openexr-libs.i686                                    3.1.1-2.el9                         appstream 
openexr-libs.x86_64                                  3.1.1-2.el9                         appstream 
openjpeg2.i686                                       2.4.0-7.el9                         appstream 
openldap.i686                                        2.6.2-3.el9                         baseos    
openldap-clients.x86_64                              2.6.2-3.el9                         baseos    
openldap-compat.i686                                 2.6.2-3.el9                         baseos    
openldap-compat.x86_64                               2.6.2-3.el9                         baseos    
openldap-devel.i686                                  2.6.2-3.el9                         appstream 
openldap-devel.x86_64                                2.6.2-3.el9                         appstream 
openmpi.i686                                         1:4.1.1-5.el9                       appstream 
openmpi.x86_64                                       1:4.1.1-5.el9                       appstream 
openmpi-devel.i686                                   1:4.1.1-5.el9                       appstream 
openmpi-devel.x86_64                                 1:4.1.1-5.el9                       appstream 
openmpi-java.x86_64                                  1:4.1.1-5.el9                       appstream 
opensc.i686                                          0.22.0-2.el9                        baseos    
opensc.x86_64                                        0.22.0-2.el9                        baseos    
openscap.i686                                        1:1.3.8-1.el9_2.rocky.1.0           appstream 
openscap.x86_64                                      1:1.3.8-1.el9_2.rocky.1.0           appstream 
openscap-devel.i686                                  1:1.3.8-1.el9_2.rocky.1.0           appstream 
openscap-devel.x86_64                                1:1.3.8-1.el9_2.rocky.1.0           appstream 
openscap-engine-sce.i686                             1:1.3.8-1.el9_2.rocky.1.0           appstream 
openscap-engine-sce.x86_64                           1:1.3.8-1.el9_2.rocky.1.0           appstream 
openscap-python3.x86_64                              1:1.3.8-1.el9_2.rocky.1.0           appstream 
openscap-scanner.x86_64                              1:1.3.8-1.el9_2.rocky.1.0           appstream 
openscap-utils.x86_64                                1:1.3.8-1.el9_2.rocky.1.0           appstream 
openslp.i686                                         2.0.0-30.el9                        appstream 
openslp.x86_64                                       2.0.0-30.el9                        appstream 
openslp-server.x86_64                                2.0.0-30.el9                        appstream 
opensm.x86_64                                        3.3.24-2.el9                        baseos    
opensm-libs.i686                                     3.3.24-2.el9                        baseos    
opensm-libs.x86_64                                   3.3.24-2.el9                        baseos    
openssh-askpass.x86_64                               8.7p1-30.el9_2                      appstream 
openssh-keycat.x86_64                                8.7p1-30.el9_2                      baseos    
openssh-server.x86_64                                8.7p1-30.el9_2                      baseos    
openssl.x86_64                                       1:3.0.7-17.el9_2                    baseos    
openssl-devel.i686                                   1:3.0.7-17.el9_2                    appstream 
openssl-devel.x86_64                                 1:3.0.7-17.el9_2                    appstream 
openssl-libs.i686                                    1:3.0.7-17.el9_2                    baseos    
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.0.7-17.el9_2                    baseos    
openssl-perl.x86_64                                  1:3.0.7-17.el9_2                    appstream 
openssl-pkcs11.i686                                  0.4.11-7.el9                        baseos    
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                0.4.11-7.el9                        baseos    
opentest4j.noarch                                    1.2.0-9.el9                         appstream 
openwsman-server.i686                                2.6.8-23.el9                        appstream 
openwsman-server.x86_64                              2.6.8-23.el9                        appstream 
opus.i686                                            1.3.1-10.el9                        appstream 
opus.x86_64                                          1.3.1-10.el9                        appstream 
orc.i686                                             0.4.31-6.el9                        appstream 
orc.x86_64                                           0.4.31-6.el9                        appstream 
orc-compiler.x86_64                                  0.4.31-6.el9                        appstream 
orc-devel.i686                                       0.4.31-6.el9                        appstream 
orc-devel.x86_64                                     0.4.31-6.el9                        appstream 
orca.noarch                                          40.3-1.el9                          appstream 
os-prober.x86_64                                     1.77-10.el9                         baseos    
osbuild.noarch                                       81-1.el9_2.1.rocky.0.2              appstream 
osbuild-composer.x86_64                              76-2.el9_2.2.rocky.0.2              appstream 
osbuild-composer-core.x86_64                         76-2.el9_2.2.rocky.0.2              appstream 
osbuild-composer-dnf-json.x86_64                     76-2.el9_2.2.rocky.0.2              appstream 
osbuild-composer-worker.x86_64                       76-2.el9_2.2.rocky.0.2              appstream 
osbuild-luks2.noarch                                 81-1.el9_2.1.rocky.0.2              appstream 
osbuild-lvm2.noarch                                  81-1.el9_2.1.rocky.0.2              appstream 
osbuild-ostree.noarch                                81-1.el9_2.1.rocky.0.2              appstream 
osbuild-selinux.noarch                               81-1.el9_2.1.rocky.0.2              appstream 
oscap-anaconda-addon.noarch                          2.0.0-16.el9                        appstream 
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20221130-1.el9                      appstream 
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                               1.10.0-1.el9                        appstream 
ostree.i686                                          2023.1-7.el9_2                      appstream 
ostree.x86_64                                        2023.1-7.el9_2                      appstream 
ostree-grub2.x86_64                                  2023.1-7.el9_2                      appstream 
ostree-libs.i686                                     2023.1-7.el9_2                      appstream 
ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2023.1-7.el9_2                      appstream 
overpass-fonts.noarch                                3.0.4-8.el9                         appstream 
p11-kit.i686                                         0.24.1-2.el9                        baseos    
p11-kit-devel.i686                                   0.24.1-2.el9                        appstream 
p11-kit-devel.x86_64                                 0.24.1-2.el9                        appstream 
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                0.24.1-2.el9                        appstream 
p11-kit-trust.i686                                   0.24.1-2.el9                        baseos    
p11-kit-trust.i686                                   0.24.1-2.el9                        appstream 
paktype-naqsh-fonts.noarch                           5.0-5.el9                           appstream 
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     5.0-6.el9                           appstream 
paktype-tehreer-fonts.noarch                         5.0-5.el9                           appstream 
pam.i686                                             1.5.1-14.el9                        baseos    
pam-devel.i686                                       1.5.1-14.el9                        appstream 
pam-devel.x86_64                                     1.5.1-14.el9                        appstream 
pam-docs.x86_64                                      1.5.1-14.el9                        appstream 
pam_cifscreds.x86_64                                 7.0-1.el9                           appstream 
pam_ssh_agent_auth.x86_64                            0.10.4-5.30.el9_2                   appstream 
pango.i686                                           1.48.7-3.el9                        appstream 
pango-devel.i686                                     1.48.7-3.el9                        appstream 
pango-devel.x86_64                                   1.48.7-3.el9                        appstream 
pangomm.i686                                         2.46.1-1.el9                        appstream 
pangomm.x86_64                                       2.46.1-1.el9                        appstream 
papi.i686                                            6.0.0-12.el9                        appstream 
papi.x86_64                                          6.0.0-12.el9                        appstream 
papi-devel.i686                                      6.0.0-12.el9                        appstream 
papi-devel.x86_64                                    6.0.0-12.el9                        appstream 
papi-libs.i686                                       6.0.0-12.el9                        appstream 
papi-libs.x86_64                                     6.0.0-12.el9                        appstream 
paps.x86_64                                          0.7.1-4.el9                         appstream 
parted.i686                                          3.5-2.el9                           baseos    
parted.x86_64                                        3.5-2.el9                           baseos    
passt.x86_64                                         0^20230222.g4ddbcb9-4.el9_2         appstream 
passt-selinux.noarch                                 0^20230222.g4ddbcb9-4.el9_2         appstream 
pavucontrol.x86_64                                   4.0-8.el9                           appstream 
pbzip2.x86_64                                        1.1.13-6.el9                        appstream 
pcaudiolib.i686                                      1.1-9.el9                           appstream 
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                    1.1-9.el9                           appstream 
pciutils.i686                                        3.7.0-5.el9                         appstream 
pciutils.x86_64                                      3.7.0-5.el9                         baseos    
pciutils-devel.i686                                  3.7.0-5.el9                         appstream 
pciutils-devel.x86_64                                3.7.0-5.el9                         appstream 
pciutils-libs.i686                                   3.7.0-5.el9                         baseos    
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                 3.7.0-5.el9                         baseos    
pcm.x86_64                                           202211-3.el9                        appstream 
pcp.x86_64                                           6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-conf.x86_64                                      6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-devel.i686                                       6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-devel.x86_64                                     6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-doc.noarch                                       6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-export-pcp2elasticsearch.x86_64                  6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-export-pcp2graphite.x86_64                       6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-export-pcp2influxdb.x86_64                       6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-export-pcp2json.x86_64                           6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-export-pcp2spark.x86_64                          6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-export-pcp2xml.x86_64                            6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-export-pcp2zabbix.x86_64                         6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-export-zabbix-agent.x86_64                       6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-gui.x86_64                                       6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-import-collectl2pcp.x86_64                       6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-import-ganglia2pcp.x86_64                        6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-import-iostat2pcp.x86_64                         6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-import-mrtg2pcp.x86_64                           6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-import-sar2pcp.x86_64                            6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-libs.i686                                        6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-libs.x86_64                                      6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-libs-devel.i686                                  6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-libs-devel.x86_64                                6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-activemq.x86_64                             6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-apache.x86_64                               6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-bash.x86_64                                 6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-bcc.x86_64                                  6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-bind2.x86_64                                6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-bonding.x86_64                              6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-bpf.x86_64                                  6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-bpftrace.x86_64                             6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-cifs.x86_64                                 6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-cisco.x86_64                                6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-dbping.x86_64                               6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-denki.x86_64                                6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-dm.x86_64                                   6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-docker.x86_64                               6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-ds389.x86_64                                6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-ds389log.x86_64                             6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-elasticsearch.x86_64                        6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-gfs2.x86_64                                 6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-gluster.x86_64                              6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-gpfs.x86_64                                 6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-gpsd.x86_64                                 6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-hacluster.x86_64                            6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-haproxy.x86_64                              6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-infiniband.x86_64                           6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-json.x86_64                                 6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-libvirt.x86_64                              6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-lio.x86_64                                  6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-lmsensors.x86_64                            6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-logger.x86_64                               6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-lustre.x86_64                               6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-lustrecomm.x86_64                           6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-mailq.x86_64                                6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-memcache.x86_64                             6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-mic.x86_64                                  6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-mongodb.x86_64                              6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-mounts.x86_64                               6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-mssql.x86_64                                6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-mysql.x86_64                                6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-named.x86_64                                6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-netcheck.x86_64                             6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-netfilter.x86_64                            6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-news.x86_64                                 6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-nfsclient.x86_64                            6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-nginx.x86_64                                6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-nvidia-gpu.x86_64                           6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-openmetrics.x86_64                          6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-openvswitch.x86_64                          6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-oracle.x86_64                               6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-pdns.x86_64                                 6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-perfevent.x86_64                            6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-podman.x86_64                               6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-postfix.x86_64                              6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-postgresql.x86_64                           6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-rabbitmq.x86_64                             6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-redis.x86_64                                6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-roomtemp.x86_64                             6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-rsyslog.x86_64                              6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-samba.x86_64                                6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-sendmail.x86_64                             6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-shping.x86_64                               6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-slurm.x86_64                                6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-smart.x86_64                                6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-snmp.x86_64                                 6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-sockets.x86_64                              6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-statsd.x86_64                               6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-summary.x86_64                              6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-systemd.x86_64                              6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-trace.x86_64                                6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-unbound.x86_64                              6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-weblog.x86_64                               6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-zimbra.x86_64                               6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-pmda-zswap.x86_64                                6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-selinux.x86_64                                   6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-system-tools.x86_64                              6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-testsuite.i686                                   6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-testsuite.x86_64                                 6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcp-zeroconf.x86_64                                  6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
pcre.i686                                            8.44-3.el9.3                        baseos    
pcre-cpp.i686                                        8.44-3.el9.3                        appstream 
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                      8.44-3.el9.3                        appstream 
pcre-devel.i686                                      8.44-3.el9.3                        appstream 
pcre-devel.x86_64                                    8.44-3.el9.3                        appstream 
pcre-utf16.i686                                      8.44-3.el9.3                        appstream 
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                    8.44-3.el9.3                        appstream 
pcre-utf32.i686                                      8.44-3.el9.3                        appstream 
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                    8.44-3.el9.3                        appstream 
pcre2.i686                                           10.40-2.el9                         baseos    
pcre2-devel.i686                                     10.40-2.el9                         appstream 
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                   10.40-2.el9                         appstream 
pcre2-utf16.i686                                     10.40-2.el9                         appstream 
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                   10.40-2.el9                         appstream 
pcre2-utf32.i686                                     10.40-2.el9                         appstream 
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                   10.40-2.el9                         appstream 
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                     1.9.4-1.el9                         baseos    
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                1.4.36-2.el9_2                      baseos    
pcsc-lite-libs.i686                                  1.9.4-1.el9                         baseos    
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                1.9.4-1.el9                         baseos    
pentaho-libxml.noarch                                1.1.3-30.el9                        appstream 
pentaho-reporting-flow-engine.noarch                 1:0.9.4-24.el9                      appstream 
perf.x86_64                                          5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               appstream 
perftest.x86_64                                      4.5.0.20-4.el9                      baseos    
perl.x86_64                                          4:5.32.1-480.el9                    appstream 
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch                           1.2010-4.el9                        appstream 
perl-App-cpanminus.noarch                            1.7044-14.el9                       appstream 
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                              2.38-6.el9                          appstream 
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                              1.68-6.el9                          appstream 
perl-Attribute-Handlers.noarch                       1.01-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                              2.16-25.el9                         appstream 
perl-AutoSplit.noarch                                5.74-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-BSD-Resource.x86_64                             1.291.100-17.el9                    appstream 
perl-Benchmark.noarch                                1.23-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Bit-Vector.x86_64                               7.4-24.el9                          appstream 
perl-CGI.noarch                                      4.51-5.el9                          appstream 
perl-CPAN.noarch                                     2.29-2.el9                          appstream 
perl-CPAN-DistnameInfo.noarch                        0.12-23.el9                         appstream 
perl-CPAN-Meta.noarch                                2.150010-460.el9                    appstream 
perl-CPAN-Meta-Check.noarch                          0.014-17.el9                        appstream 
perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements.noarch                   2.140-461.el9                       appstream 
perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML.noarch                           0.018-461.el9                       appstream 
perl-Carp-Clan.noarch                                6.08-8.el9                          appstream 
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                          1.36-7.el9                          appstream 
perl-Clone.x86_64                                    0.45-6.el9                          appstream 
perl-Compress-Bzip2.x86_64                           2.28-5.el9                          appstream 
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                       2.101-5.el9                         appstream 
perl-Compress-Raw-Lzma.x86_64                        2.101-3.el9                         appstream 
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                        2.101-5.el9                         appstream 
perl-Config-Extensions.noarch                        0.03-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Config-Perl-V.noarch                            0.33-4.el9                          appstream 
perl-Convert-ASN1.noarch                             0.27-24.el9                         appstream 
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Bignum.x86_64                     0.09-16.el9                         appstream 
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-RSA.x86_64                        0.31-13.el9                         appstream 
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Random.x86_64                     0.15-14.el9                         appstream 
perl-Cyrus.x86_64                                    3.4.1-7.el9                         appstream 
perl-DBD-MariaDB.x86_64                              1.21-16.el9_0                       appstream 
perl-DBD-MySQL.x86_64                                4.050-13.el9                        appstream 
perl-DBD-Pg.x86_64                                   3.14.2-5.el9                        appstream 
perl-DBD-SQLite.x86_64                               1.66-5.el9                          appstream 
perl-DBI.x86_64                                      1.643-9.el9                         appstream 
perl-DBM_Filter.noarch                               0.06-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-DB_File.x86_64                                  1.855-4.el9                         appstream 
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                1.23-18.el9                         appstream 
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                             0.110-17.el9                        appstream 
perl-Data-Section.noarch                             0.200007-14.el9                     appstream 
perl-Date-Calc.noarch                                6.4-20.el9                          appstream 
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                               6.85-3.el9                          appstream 
perl-Devel-PPPort.x86_64                             3.62-4.el9                          appstream 
perl-Devel-Peek.x86_64                               1.28-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Devel-SelfStubber.noarch                        1.06-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Devel-Size.x86_64                               0.83-10.el9                         appstream 
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                              1.03-29.el9                         appstream 
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                               1:6.02-461.el9                      appstream 
perl-Digest-SHA1.x86_64                              2.13-34.el9                         appstream 
perl-DirHandle.noarch                                1.05-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Dumpvalue.noarch                                2.27-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Encode.i686                                     4:3.08-462.el9                      appstream 
perl-Encode-Detect.x86_64                            1.01-37.el9                         appstream 
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                            1.05-21.el9                         appstream 
perl-Encode-devel.i686                               4:3.08-462.el9                      appstream 
perl-Encode-devel.x86_64                             4:3.08-462.el9                      appstream 
perl-English.noarch                                  1.11-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Env.noarch                                      1.04-460.el9                        appstream 
perl-Exporter-Tiny.noarch                            1.002002-6.el9                      appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder.noarch                        1:0.280236-4.el9                    appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-Command.noarch                         2:7.60-3.el9                        appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-Constant.noarch                        0.25-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-Embed.noarch                           1.35-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-Install.noarch                         2.20-4.el9                          appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                        2:7.60-3.el9                        appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker.noarch                       2:7.60-3.el9                        appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest.noarch                        1:1.73-4.el9                        appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-Miniperl.noarch                        1.09-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS.noarch                         1:3.40-460.el9                      appstream 
perl-FCGI.x86_64                                     1:0.79-8.el9                        appstream 
perl-File-DosGlob.x86_64                             1.12-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-File-Fetch.noarch                               1.00-4.el9                          appstream 
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                             1.006-4.el9                         appstream 
perl-File-Listing.noarch                             6.14-4.el9                          appstream 
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                            1.118-4.el9                         appstream 
perl-File-Slurp.noarch                               9999.32-5.el9                       appstream 
perl-File-Which.noarch                               1.23-10.el9                         appstream 
perl-File-pushd.noarch                               1.016-12.el9                        appstream 
perl-FileCache.noarch                                1.10-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Filter.x86_64                                   2:1.60-4.el9                        appstream 
perl-Filter-Simple.noarch                            0.96-460.el9                        appstream 
perl-FindBin.noarch                                  1.51-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-GDBM_File.x86_64                                1.18-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-GSSAPI.x86_64                                   0.28-37.el9                         appstream 
perl-Git-SVN.noarch                                  2.39.3-1.el9_2                      appstream 
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                              3.76-3.el9                          appstream 
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                              3.20-47.el9                         appstream 
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                             6.10-4.el9                          appstream 
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                6.05-7.el9                          appstream 
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                             6.29-3.el9                          appstream 
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                           6.01-30.el9                         appstream 
perl-Hash-Util.x86_64                                0.23-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Hash-Util-FieldHash.x86_64                      1.20-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-I18N-Collate.noarch                             1.02-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-I18N-LangTags.noarch                            0.44-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-I18N-Langinfo.x86_64                            0.19-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                              2.102-4.el9                         appstream 
perl-IO-Compress-Lzma.noarch                         2.101-4.el9                         appstream 
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                  1.004-4.el9                         appstream 
perl-IO-Multiplex.noarch                             1.16-21.el9                         appstream 
perl-IO-Socket-INET6.noarch                          2.72-24.el9                         appstream 
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                                  1:1.11-4.el9                        appstream 
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                  2:1.04-461.el9                      appstream 
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                 2.09-4.el9                          appstream 
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                        1.30-6.el9                          appstream 
perl-Importer.noarch                                 0.026-4.el9                         appstream 
perl-JSON.noarch                                     4.03-5.el9                          appstream 
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                                  1:4.06-4.el9                        appstream 
perl-LDAP.noarch                                     1:0.68-5.el9                        appstream 
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                           6.04-9.el9                          appstream 
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                       6.10-4.el9                          appstream 
perl-List-MoreUtils.noarch                           0.430-4.el9                         appstream 
perl-List-MoreUtils-XS.x86_64                        0.430-5.el9                         appstream 
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                          1.29-461.el9                        appstream 
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                   1:0.21-480.el9                      appstream 
perl-MIME-Charset.noarch                             1.012.2-15.el9                      appstream 
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                               0.13-15.el9                         appstream 
perl-Mail-AuthenticationResults.noarch               2.20210112-4.el9                    appstream 
perl-Mail-DKIM.noarch                                1.20200907-4.el9                    appstream 
perl-Mail-SPF.noarch                                 2.9.0-26.el9                        appstream 
perl-Mail-Sender.noarch                              1:0.903-16.el9                      appstream 
perl-MailTools.noarch                                2.21-9.el9                          appstream 
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                              1:1.9998.18-460.el9                 appstream 
perl-Math-BigInt-FastCalc.x86_64                     0.500.900-460.el9                   appstream 
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                              0.2614-460.el9                      appstream 
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                             1.59-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Memoize.noarch                                  1.03-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Module-Build.noarch                             2:0.42.31-9.el9                     appstream 
perl-Module-CPANfile.noarch                          1.1004-12.el9                       appstream 
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                          1:5.20210320-3.el9                  appstream 
perl-Module-CoreList-tools.noarch                    1:5.20210320-3.el9                  appstream 
perl-Module-Load.noarch                              1:0.36-4.el9                        appstream 
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                  0.74-4.el9                          appstream 
perl-Module-Loaded.noarch                            1:0.08-480.el9                      appstream 
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                          1.000037-460.el9                    appstream 
perl-Module-Signature.noarch                         0.88-1.el9                          appstream 
perl-NEXT.noarch                                     0.67-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-NTLM.noarch                                     1.09-30.el9                         appstream 
perl-Net.noarch                                      1.02-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Net-CIDR-Lite.noarch                            0.22-2.el9                          appstream 
perl-Net-DNS.noarch                                  1.29-6.el9                          appstream 
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                 6.21-3.el9                          appstream 
perl-Net-Ping.noarch                                 2.74-5.el9                          appstream 
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                             1.04-16.el9                         appstream 
perl-Net-Server.noarch                               2.009-14.el9                        appstream 
perl-NetAddr-IP.x86_64                               4.079-18.el9                        appstream 
perl-ODBM_File.x86_64                                1.16-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Object-HashBase.noarch                          0.009-7.el9                         appstream 
perl-Opcode.x86_64                                   1.48-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-PCP-LogImport.x86_64                            6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
perl-PCP-LogSummary.x86_64                           6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
perl-PCP-MMV.x86_64                                  6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
perl-PCP-PMDA.x86_64                                 6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                        1.106-23.el9                        appstream 
perl-Params-Check.noarch                             1:0.38-461.el9                      appstream 
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                              1.102-5.el9                         appstream 
perl-Parse-PMFile.noarch                             0.43-4.el9                          appstream 
perl-Perl-OSType.noarch                              1.010-461.el9                       appstream 
perl-PerlIO-via-QuotedPrint.noarch                   0.09-4.el9                          appstream 
perl-Pod-Checker.noarch                              4:1.74-4.el9                        appstream 
perl-Pod-Functions.noarch                            1.13-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                 1.25-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-SNMP_Session.noarch                             1.13-28.el9                         appstream 
perl-Safe.noarch                                     2.41-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Search-Dict.noarch                              1.07-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-SelfLoader.noarch                               1.26-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Socket6.x86_64                                  0.29-11.el9                         appstream 
perl-Software-License.noarch                         0.103014-12.el9                     appstream 
perl-String-ShellQuote.noarch                        1.04-34.el9                         appstream 
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                             0.987-27.el9                        appstream 
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                              0.928-28.el9                        appstream 
perl-Sys-CPU.x86_64                                  0.61-26.el9                         appstream 
perl-Sys-Guestfs.x86_64                              1:1.48.4-4.el9                      appstream 
perl-Sys-Hostname.x86_64                             1.23-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Sys-MemInfo.x86_64                              0.99-18.el9.0.1                     appstream 
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                               0.36-461.el9                        appstream 
perl-Term-Complete.noarch                            1.403-480.el9                       appstream 
perl-Term-ReadLine.noarch                            1.17-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Term-Size-Any.noarch                            0.002-35.el9                        appstream 
perl-Term-Size-Perl.x86_64                           0.031-12.el9                        appstream 
perl-Term-Table.noarch                               0.015-8.el9                         appstream 
perl-Test.noarch                                     1.31-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Test-Harness.noarch                             1:3.42-461.el9                      appstream 
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                              3:1.302183-4.el9                    appstream 
perl-Text-Abbrev.noarch                              1.02-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                            2.04-4.el9                          appstream 
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                                1.45-13.el9                         appstream 
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                0.11-15.el9                         appstream 
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                             3.05-20.el9                         appstream 
perl-Text-Template.noarch                            1.59-5.el9                          appstream 
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                           1.30-16.el9                         appstream 
perl-Thread.noarch                                   3.05-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Thread-Semaphore.noarch                         2.13-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Tie.noarch                                      4.6-480.el9                         appstream 
perl-Tie-File.noarch                                 1.06-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Tie-Memoize.noarch                              1.1-480.el9                         appstream 
perl-Tie-RefHash.noarch                              1.40-4.el9                          appstream 
perl-Time.noarch                                     1.03-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                               4:1.9764-462.el9                    appstream 
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                               1.3401-480.el9                      appstream 
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                 1:2.33-6.el9                        appstream 
perl-Tk.x86_64                                       804.035-7.el9                       appstream 
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                 0.30-13.el9                         appstream 
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                          1.29-4.el9                          appstream 
perl-Unicode-LineBreak.x86_64                        2019.001-11.el9                     appstream 
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                        1.27-461.el9                        appstream 
perl-Unicode-UCD.noarch                              0.75-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-Unix-Syslog.x86_64                              1.1-41.el9                          appstream 
perl-User-pwent.noarch                               1.03-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                           6.02-30.el9                         appstream 
perl-XML-Catalog.noarch                              1.03-22.el9                         appstream 
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                               1:2.0206-5.el9                      appstream 
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                     1.12-15.el9                         appstream 
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                                  1.02-8.el9                          appstream 
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                             1.09-15.el9                         appstream 
perl-XML-Simple.noarch                               2.25-13.el9                         appstream 
perl-XML-TokeParser.noarch                           0.05-36.el9                         appstream 
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                                1.44-11.el9                         appstream 
perl-YAML.noarch                                     1.30-8.el9                          appstream 
perl-autodie.noarch                                  2.34-4.el9                          appstream 
perl-autouse.noarch                                  1.11-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-bignum.noarch                                   0.51-460.el9                        appstream 
perl-blib.noarch                                     1.07-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-debugger.noarch                                 1.56-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-deprecate.noarch                                0.04-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-devel.i686                                      4:5.32.1-480.el9                    appstream 
perl-devel.x86_64                                    4:5.32.1-480.el9                    appstream 
perl-diagnostics.noarch                              1.37-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-doc.noarch                                      5.32.1-480.el9                      appstream 
perl-encoding.x86_64                                 4:3.00-462.el9                      appstream 
perl-encoding-warnings.noarch                        0.13-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-experimental.noarch                             0.022-6.el9                         appstream 
perl-fields.noarch                                   2.27-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-filetest.noarch                                 1.03-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-hivex.x86_64                                    1.3.21-3.el9                        appstream 
perl-inc-latest.noarch                               2:0.500-20.el9                      appstream 
perl-less.noarch                                     0.03-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-libintl-perl.x86_64                             1.32-4.el9                          appstream 
perl-libnetcfg.noarch                                4:5.32.1-480.el9                    appstream 
perl-libs.i686                                       4:5.32.1-480.el9                    appstream 
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                              6.53-4.el9                          appstream 
perl-local-lib.noarch                                2.000024-13.el9                     appstream 
perl-meta-notation.noarch                            5.32.1-480.el9                      appstream 
perl-open.noarch                                     1.12-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-perlfaq.noarch                                  5.20201107-4.el9                    appstream 
perl-ph.x86_64                                       5.32.1-480.el9                      appstream 
perl-sigtrap.noarch                                  1.09-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-sort.noarch                                     2.04-480.el9                        appstream 
perl-utils.noarch                                    5.32.1-480.el9                      appstream 
perl-vmsish.noarch                                   1.04-480.el9                        appstream 
pf-bb-config.x86_64                                  22.11-2.el9                         appstream 
pg_repack.x86_64                                     1.4.6-4.el9                         appstream 
pgaudit.x86_64                                       1.5.0-6.el9                         appstream 
php.x86_64                                           8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-bcmath.x86_64                                    8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-cli.x86_64                                       8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-common.x86_64                                    8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-dba.x86_64                                       8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-dbg.x86_64                                       8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-devel.x86_64                                     8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-embedded.x86_64                                  8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-enchant.x86_64                                   8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-ffi.x86_64                                       8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-fpm.x86_64                                       8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-gd.x86_64                                        8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-gmp.x86_64                                       8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-intl.x86_64                                      8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-ldap.x86_64                                      8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-mbstring.x86_64                                  8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-mysqlnd.x86_64                                   8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-odbc.x86_64                                      8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-opcache.x86_64                                   8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-pdo.x86_64                                       8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-pear.noarch                                      1:1.10.13-1.el9                     appstream 
php-pecl-apcu.x86_64                                 5.1.20-5.el9                        appstream 
php-pecl-apcu-devel.x86_64                           5.1.20-5.el9                        appstream 
php-pecl-rrd.x86_64                                  2.0.3-3.el9                         appstream 
php-pecl-xdebug3.x86_64                              3.1.2-1.el9                         appstream 
php-pecl-zip.x86_64                                  1.19.2-6.el9                        appstream 
php-pgsql.x86_64                                     8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-process.x86_64                                   8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-snmp.x86_64                                      8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-soap.x86_64                                      8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
php-xml.x86_64                                       8.0.27-1.el9_1                      appstream 
pigz.x86_64                                          2.5-4.el9                           baseos    
pinentry.x86_64                                      1.1.1-8.el9                         appstream 
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                               1.1.1-8.el9                         appstream 
pinentry-tty.x86_64                                  1.1.1-8.el9                         appstream 
pinfo.x86_64                                         0.6.10-29.el9                       appstream 
pipewire.i686                                        0.3.47-4.el9_2                      appstream 
pipewire.x86_64                                      0.3.47-4.el9_2                      appstream 
pipewire-alsa.i686                                   0.3.47-4.el9_2                      appstream 
pipewire-alsa.x86_64                                 0.3.47-4.el9_2                      appstream 
pipewire-devel.i686                                  0.3.47-4.el9_2                      appstream 
pipewire-devel.x86_64                                0.3.47-4.el9_2                      appstream 
pipewire-gstreamer.i686                              0.3.47-4.el9_2                      appstream 
pipewire-gstreamer.x86_64                            0.3.47-4.el9_2                      appstream 
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.i686              0.3.47-4.el9_2                      appstream 
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit.x86_64            0.3.47-4.el9_2                      appstream 
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit-devel.i686        0.3.47-4.el9_2                      appstream 
pipewire-jack-audio-connection-kit-devel.x86_64      0.3.47-4.el9_2                      appstream 
pipewire-libs.i686                                   0.3.47-4.el9_2                      appstream 
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                 0.3.47-4.el9_2                      appstream 
pipewire-pulseaudio.x86_64                           0.3.47-4.el9_2                      appstream 
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                0.3.47-4.el9_2                      appstream 
pixman.i686                                          0.40.0-5.el9                        appstream 
pixman-devel.i686                                    0.40.0-5.el9                        appstream 
pixman-devel.x86_64                                  0.40.0-5.el9                        appstream 
pkgconf.i686                                         1.7.3-10.el9                        appstream 
pki-jackson-annotations.noarch                       2.14.1-1.el9                        appstream 
pki-jackson-core.noarch                              2.14.1-2.el9                        appstream 
pki-jackson-databind.noarch                          2.14.1-2.el9                        appstream 
pki-jackson-jaxrs-json-provider.noarch               2.14.1-2.el9                        appstream 
pki-jackson-jaxrs-providers.noarch                   2.14.1-2.el9                        appstream 
pki-jackson-module-jaxb-annotations.noarch           2.14.1-2.el9                        appstream 
pki-resteasy-client.noarch                           3.0.26-15.el9                       appstream 
pki-resteasy-core.noarch                             3.0.26-15.el9                       appstream 
pki-resteasy-jackson2-provider.noarch                3.0.26-15.el9                       appstream 
pki-servlet-4.0-api.noarch                           1:9.0.50-1.el9                      appstream 
pki-servlet-engine.noarch                            1:9.0.50-1.el9                      appstream 
plexus-cipher.noarch                                 1.7-27.el9                          appstream 
plexus-classworlds.noarch                            2.6.0-11.el9                        appstream 
plexus-containers-component-annotations.noarch       2.1.0-10.el9                        appstream 
plexus-interpolation.noarch                          1.26-11.el9                         appstream 
plexus-sec-dispatcher.noarch                         1.4-37.el9                          appstream 
plexus-utils.noarch                                  3.3.0-10.el9                        appstream 
plotnetcfg.x86_64                                    0.4.1-18.el9                        appstream 
plotutils.i686                                       2.6-28.el9                          appstream 
plotutils.x86_64                                     2.6-28.el9                          appstream 
plymouth.x86_64                                      0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
plymouth-core-libs.i686                              0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                            0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
plymouth-graphics-libs.i686                          0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                        0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
plymouth-plugin-fade-throbber.x86_64                 0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                         0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
plymouth-plugin-script.x86_64                        0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
plymouth-plugin-space-flares.x86_64                  0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                      0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                              0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                         0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
plymouth-theme-charge.x86_64                         0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
plymouth-theme-fade-in.x86_64                        0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
plymouth-theme-script.x86_64                         0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
plymouth-theme-solar.x86_64                          0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
plymouth-theme-spinfinity.x86_64                     0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                        0.9.5-6.20210331git1ea1020.el9      appstream 
pmdk-convert.x86_64                                  1.7-8.el9                           appstream 
pmempool.x86_64                                      1.12.1-1.el9                        appstream 
pmix.i686                                            3.2.3-3.el9                         appstream 
pmix.x86_64                                          3.2.3-3.el9                         appstream 
pmix-devel.i686                                      3.2.3-3.el9                         appstream 
pmix-devel.x86_64                                    3.2.3-3.el9                         appstream 
pmix-pmi.i686                                        3.2.3-3.el9                         appstream 
pmix-pmi.x86_64                                      3.2.3-3.el9                         appstream 
pmix-tools.x86_64                                    3.2.3-3.el9                         appstream 
pnm2ppa.x86_64                                       1:1.04-52.el9                       appstream 
podman.x86_64                                        2:4.4.1-13.el9_2                    appstream 
podman-docker.noarch                                 2:4.4.1-13.el9_2                    appstream 
podman-gvproxy.x86_64                                2:4.4.1-13.el9_2                    appstream 
podman-plugins.x86_64                                2:4.4.1-13.el9_2                    appstream 
podman-remote.x86_64                                 2:4.4.1-13.el9_2                    appstream 
podman-tests.x86_64                                  2:4.4.1-13.el9_2                    appstream 
policycoreutils.x86_64                               3.5-1.el9                           baseos    
policycoreutils-dbus.noarch                          3.5-1.el9                           appstream 
policycoreutils-devel.i686                           3.5-1.el9                           appstream 
policycoreutils-devel.x86_64                         3.5-1.el9                           appstream 
policycoreutils-gui.noarch                           3.5-1.el9                           appstream 
policycoreutils-newrole.x86_64                       3.5-1.el9                           baseos    
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  3.5-1.el9                           appstream 
policycoreutils-restorecond.x86_64                   3.5-1.el9                           baseos    
policycoreutils-sandbox.x86_64                       3.5-1.el9                           appstream 
polkit.x86_64                                        0.117-11.el9                        baseos    
polkit-devel.i686                                    0.117-11.el9                        appstream 
polkit-devel.x86_64                                  0.117-11.el9                        appstream 
polkit-docs.noarch                                   0.117-11.el9                        appstream 
polkit-libs.i686                                     0.117-11.el9                        baseos    
polkit-libs.x86_64                                   0.117-11.el9                        baseos    
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                            0.1-21.el9                          baseos    
poppler.i686                                         21.01.0-14.el9                      appstream 
poppler.x86_64                                       21.01.0-14.el9                      appstream 
poppler-cpp.i686                                     21.01.0-14.el9                      appstream 
poppler-cpp.x86_64                                   21.01.0-14.el9                      appstream 
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.9-9.el9.0.1                     appstream 
poppler-glib.i686                                    21.01.0-14.el9                      appstream 
poppler-glib.x86_64                                  21.01.0-14.el9                      appstream 
poppler-qt5.i686                                     21.01.0-14.el9                      appstream 
poppler-qt5.x86_64                                   21.01.0-14.el9                      appstream 
poppler-utils.x86_64                                 21.01.0-14.el9                      appstream 
popt.i686                                            1.18-8.el9                          baseos    
popt-devel.i686                                      1.18-8.el9                          appstream 
popt-devel.x86_64                                    1.18-8.el9                          appstream 
postfix.x86_64                                       2:3.5.9-19.el9                      appstream 
postfix-cdb.x86_64                                   2:3.5.9-19.el9                      appstream 
postfix-ldap.x86_64                                  2:3.5.9-19.el9                      appstream 
postfix-mysql.x86_64                                 2:3.5.9-19.el9                      appstream 
postfix-pcre.x86_64                                  2:3.5.9-19.el9                      appstream 
postfix-perl-scripts.x86_64                          2:3.5.9-19.el9                      appstream 
postfix-pgsql.x86_64                                 2:3.5.9-19.el9                      appstream 
postfix-sqlite.x86_64                                2:3.5.9-19.el9                      appstream 
postgres-decoderbufs.x86_64                          1.4.0-4.Final.el9                   appstream 
postgresql.x86_64                                    13.11-1.el9_2                       appstream 
postgresql-contrib.x86_64                            13.11-1.el9_2                       appstream 
postgresql-jdbc.noarch                               42.2.27-1.el9                       appstream 
postgresql-odbc.x86_64                               12.02.0000-6.el9                    appstream 
postgresql-plperl.x86_64                             13.11-1.el9_2                       appstream 
postgresql-plpython3.x86_64                          13.11-1.el9_2                       appstream 
postgresql-pltcl.x86_64                              13.11-1.el9_2                       appstream 
postgresql-private-libs.x86_64                       13.11-1.el9_2                       appstream 
postgresql-server.x86_64                             13.11-1.el9_2                       appstream 
postgresql-upgrade.x86_64                            13.11-1.el9_2                       appstream 
potrace.i686                                         1.16-7.el9                          appstream 
potrace.x86_64                                       1.16-7.el9                          appstream 
power-profiles-daemon.x86_64                         0.11.1-1.el9                        appstream 
powertop.x86_64                                      2.15-1.el9                          appstream 
ppp.x86_64                                           2.4.9-5.el9                         baseos    
pptp.x86_64                                          1.10.0-14.el9                       appstream 
prefixdevname.x86_64                                 0.1.0-8.el9                         baseos    
procmail.x86_64                                      3.22-56.el9                         appstream 
procps-ng.i686                                       3.3.17-11.el9                       baseos    
procps-ng.x86_64                                     3.3.17-11.el9                       baseos    
procps-ng-i18n.noarch                                3.3.17-11.el9                       baseos    
protobuf.i686                                        3.14.0-13.el9                       appstream 
protobuf.x86_64                                      3.14.0-13.el9                       appstream 
protobuf-c.i686                                      1.3.3-12.el9                        baseos    
protobuf-c.i686                                      1.3.3-12.el9                        appstream 
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.3.3-12.el9                        baseos    
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.3.3-12.el9                        appstream 
protobuf-lite.i686                                   3.14.0-13.el9                       appstream 
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                 3.14.0-13.el9                       appstream 
ps_mem.noarch                                        3.6-16.el9                          appstream 
psacct.x86_64                                        6.6.4-12.el9                        baseos    
psmisc.x86_64                                        23.4-3.el9                          baseos    
pt-sans-fonts.noarch                                 20141121-23.el9                     appstream 
publicsuffix-list.noarch                             20210518-3.el9                      appstream 
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20210518-3.el9                      baseos    
pulseaudio.x86_64                                    15.0-2.el9                          appstream 
pulseaudio-libs.i686                                 15.0-2.el9                          appstream 
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                               15.0-2.el9                          appstream 
pulseaudio-libs-devel.i686                           15.0-2.el9                          appstream 
pulseaudio-libs-devel.x86_64                         15.0-2.el9                          appstream 
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.i686                           15.0-2.el9                          appstream 
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                         15.0-2.el9                          appstream 
pulseaudio-module-bluetooth.x86_64                   15.0-2.el9                          appstream 
pulseaudio-module-x11.x86_64                         15.0-2.el9                          appstream 
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                              15.0-2.el9                          appstream 
pykickstart.noarch                                   3.32.9-1.el9                        appstream 
python-cups-doc.x86_64                               2.0.1-10.el9                        appstream 
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                         5.15.6-1.el9                        appstream 
python-rpm-macros.noarch                             3.9-52.el9                          appstream 
python-unversioned-command.noarch                    3.9.16-1.el9_2.1                    appstream 
python3.x86_64                                       3.9.16-1.el9_2.1                    baseos    
python3-PyMySQL.noarch                               0.10.1-6.el9                        appstream 
python3-alembic.noarch                               1.7.5-3.el9                         appstream 
python3-appdirs.noarch                               1.4.4-4.el9                         appstream 
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           1.12.0-5.el9                        appstream 
python3-attrs.noarch                                 20.3.0-7.el9                        appstream 
python3-audit.x86_64                                 3.0.7-103.el9                       appstream 
python3-augeas.noarch                                0.5.0-25.el9                        appstream 
python3-babel.noarch                                 2.9.1-2.el9                         appstream 
python3-bcc.noarch                                   0.25.0-2.el9                        appstream 
python3-bind.noarch                                  32:9.16.23-11.el9_2.1               appstream 
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.6.0-5.el9                       appstream 
python3-blockdev.x86_64                              2.28-4.el9                          appstream 
python3-boom.noarch                                  1.4-4.el9                           appstream 
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                0.8.2-4.el9                         appstream 
python3-brotli.x86_64                                1.0.9-6.el9                         appstream 
python3-bytesize.x86_64                              2.5-3.el9                           appstream 
python3-cairo.x86_64                                 1.20.1-1.el9                        appstream 
python3-cffi.x86_64                                  1.14.5-5.el9                        baseos    
python3-chardet.noarch                               4.0.0-5.el9                         baseos    
python3-clang.x86_64                                 15.0.7-2.el9                        appstream 
python3-cloud-what.x86_64                            1.29.33.1-2.el9_2.rocky.0.1         baseos    
python3-configobj.noarch                             5.0.6-25.el9                        appstream 
python3-configshell.noarch                           1:1.1.28-7.el9                      baseos    
python3-createrepo_c.x86_64                          0.20.1-1.el9                        appstream 
python3-criu.x86_64                                  3.17-5.el9_2                        appstream 
python3-cryptography.x86_64                          36.0.1-2.el9                        baseos    
python3-cups.x86_64                                  2.0.1-10.el9                        appstream 
python3-dasbus.noarch                                1.4-5.el9                           appstream 
python3-dbus-client-gen.noarch                       0.5-5.el9                           appstream 
python3-dbus-python-client-gen.noarch                0.8-5.el9                           appstream 
python3-dbus-signature-pyparsing.noarch              0.04-5.el9                          appstream 
python3-decorator.noarch                             4.4.2-6.el9                         baseos    
python3-devel.i686                                   3.9.16-1.el9_2.1                    appstream 
python3-devel.x86_64                                 3.9.16-1.el9_2.1                    appstream 
python3-distro.noarch                                1.5.0-7.el9                         appstream 
python3-dmidecode.x86_64                             3.12.3-2.el9                        baseos    
python3-dnf-plugin-modulesync.noarch                 4.3.0-5.el9_2                       appstream 
python3-dnf-plugin-post-transaction-actions.noarch   4.3.0-5.el9_2                       baseos    
python3-dnf-plugin-versionlock.noarch                4.3.0-5.el9_2                       baseos    
python3-dns.noarch                                   2.2.1-2.el9                         baseos    
python3-enchant.noarch                               3.2.0-5.el9                         appstream 
python3-ethtool.x86_64                               0.15-2.el9                          baseos    
python3-file-magic.noarch                            5.39-12.1.el9_2                     appstream 
python3-firewall.noarch                              1.2.1-1.el9                         baseos    
python3-freeradius.x86_64                            3.0.21-37.el9                       appstream 
python3-gluster.x86_64                               6.0-57.4.el9                        appstream 
python3-gobject.x86_64                               3.40.1-6.el9                        appstream 
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                          3.40.1-6.el9                        baseos    
python3-gobject-base-noarch.noarch                   3.40.1-6.el9                        baseos    
python3-greenlet.x86_64                              1.1.2-3.el9                         appstream 
python3-gssapi.x86_64                                1.6.9-5.el9                         appstream 
python3-i2c-tools.x86_64                             4.3-3.el9                           appstream 
python3-idm-pki.noarch                               11.3.0-1.el9                        appstream 
python3-idna.noarch                                  2.10-7.el9                          baseos    
python3-imath.i686                                   3.1.2-1.el9                         appstream 
python3-imath.x86_64                                 3.1.2-1.el9                         appstream 
python3-iniconfig.noarch                             1.1.1-7.el9.0.1                     appstream 
python3-iniparse.noarch                              0.4-45.el9                          baseos    
python3-inotify.noarch                               0.9.6-25.el9                        baseos    
python3-into-dbus-python.noarch                      0.08-5.el9                          appstream 
python3-ipaclient.noarch                             4.10.1-9.el9_2                      appstream 
python3-ipalib.noarch                                4.10.1-9.el9_2                      appstream 
python3-ipaserver.noarch                             4.10.1-9.el9_2                      appstream 
python3-iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                 6.2.1.4-3.git2a8f9d8.el9            appstream 
python3-jinja2.noarch                                2.11.3-4.el9                        appstream 
python3-jmespath.noarch                              0.9.4-11.el9                        appstream 
python3-jsonpatch.noarch                             1.21-16.el9                         appstream 
python3-jsonpointer.noarch                           2.0-4.el9                           appstream 
python3-jsonschema.noarch                            3.2.0-13.el9                        appstream 
python3-justbases.noarch                             0.15-6.el9                          appstream 
python3-justbytes.noarch                             0.15-6.el9                          appstream 
python3-jwcrypto.noarch                              0.8-4.el9                           appstream 
python3-kdcproxy.noarch                              1.0.0-7.el9                         appstream 
python3-keycloak-httpd-client-install.noarch         1.1-10.el9                          appstream 
python3-keylime.x86_64                               6.5.2-6.el9_2                       appstream 
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.32.9-1.el9                        appstream 
python3-kmod.x86_64                                  0.9-32.el9.0.1                      baseos    
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.54-4.el9                        appstream 
python3-lark-parser.noarch                           0.9.0-6.el9                         appstream 
python3-lasso.x86_64                                 2.7.0-11.el9                        appstream 
python3-ldap.x86_64                                  3.4.3-2.el9                         appstream 
python3-ldb.i686                                     2.6.1-1.el9                         baseos    
python3-ldb.x86_64                                   2.6.1-1.el9                         baseos    
python3-lib389.noarch                                2.2.4-5.el9_2                       appstream 
python3-libevdev.noarch                              0.9-4.el9                           appstream 
python3-libgpiod.x86_64                              1.6.3-1.el9                         appstream 
python3-libguestfs.x86_64                            1:1.48.4-4.el9                      appstream 
python3-libipa_hbac.x86_64                           2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
python3-libmodulemd.x86_64                           2.13.0-2.el9                        appstream 
python3-libmount.x86_64                              2.37.4-11.el9_2                     appstream 
python3-libnbd.x86_64                                1.14.2-1.el9                        appstream 
python3-libnmstate.x86_64                            2.2.15-2.el9_2                      appstream 
python3-libnvme.x86_64                               1.2-3.el9_2                         appstream 
python3-libproxy.noarch                              0.4.15-35.el9                       appstream 
python3-librepo.x86_64                               1.14.5-1.el9                        baseos    
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.15.2-6.el9.rocky.0.2              appstream 
python3-libs.i686                                    3.9.16-1.el9_2.1                    baseos    
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.9.16-1.el9_2.1                    baseos    
python3-libselinux.x86_64                            3.5-1.el9                           appstream 
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                           3.5-1.el9                           appstream 
python3-libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                      2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
python3-libstoragemgmt.i686                          1.9.5-1.el9                         appstream 
python3-libstoragemgmt.x86_64                        1.9.5-1.el9                         appstream 
python3-libvirt.x86_64                               9.0.0-1.el9                         appstream 
python3-libvoikko.noarch                             4.3-7.el9                           appstream 
python3-libxml2.x86_64                               2.9.13-3.el9_2.1                    baseos    
python3-linux-procfs.noarch                          0.7.1-1.el9                         baseos    
python3-lit.noarch                                   15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
python3-lldb.x86_64                                  15.0.7-1.el9                        appstream 
python3-louis.noarch                                 3.16.1-4.el9                        appstream 
python3-lxml.x86_64                                  4.6.5-3.el9                         appstream 
python3-mako.noarch                                  1.1.4-6.el9                         appstream 
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                            1.1.1-12.el9                        appstream 
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.50-4.el9                          appstream 
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.50-4.el9                          appstream 
python3-mod_wsgi.x86_64                              4.7.1-11.el9                        appstream 
python3-net-snmp.x86_64                              1:5.9.1-11.el9_2                    appstream 
python3-netaddr.noarch                               0.8.0-5.el9                         appstream 
python3-netifaces.x86_64                             0.10.6-15.el9                       appstream 
python3-networkx.noarch                              2.6.2-2.el9                         appstream 
python3-newt.x86_64                                  0.52.21-11.el9                      appstream 
python3-nftables.x86_64                              1:1.0.4-10.el9_1                    baseos    
python3-nispor.noarch                                1.2.10-1.el9                        appstream 
python3-numpy.x86_64                                 1:1.20.1-5.el9                      appstream 
python3-numpy-f2py.x86_64                            1:1.20.1-5.el9                      appstream 
python3-oauthlib.noarch                              3.1.1-5.el9                         appstream 
python3-osbuild.noarch                               81-1.el9_2.1.rocky.0.2              appstream 
python3-packaging.noarch                             20.9-5.el9                          appstream 
python3-pcp.x86_64                                   6.0.1-5.el9_2                       appstream 
python3-perf.x86_64                                  5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               baseos    
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.8.0-7.el9                         baseos    
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.2.3-12.el9                        appstream 
python3-pip.noarch                                   21.2.3-6.el9                        appstream 
python3-pluggy.noarch                                0.13.1-7.el9.0.1                    appstream 
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.11-14.el9.0.1                     baseos    
python3-podman.noarch                                3:4.4.1-1.el9                       appstream 
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       3.5-1.el9                           appstream 
python3-prettytable.noarch                           0.7.2-27.el9                        appstream 
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.31-3.el9                          appstream 
python3-protobuf.noarch                              3.14.0-13.el9                       appstream 
python3-psutil.x86_64                                5.8.0-12.el9                        appstream 
python3-psycopg2.x86_64                              2.8.6-6.el9                         appstream 
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.6.0-12.el9                        baseos    
python3-pwquality.x86_64                             1.4.4-8.el9                         appstream 
python3-py.noarch                                    1.10.0-6.el9.0.1                    appstream 
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                0.4.8-6.el9                         appstream 
python3-pyasn1-modules.noarch                        0.4.8-6.el9                         appstream 
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.38.1-3.el9                        appstream 
python3-pycdlib.noarch                               1.11.0-5.el9                        appstream 
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.20-6.el9                          baseos    
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                7.43.0.6-8.el9                      appstream 
python3-pyelftools.noarch                            0.27-4.el9                          appstream 
python3-pyghmi.noarch                                1.5.34-2.el9                        appstream 
python3-pyodbc.x86_64                                4.0.30-4.el9                        appstream 
python3-pyparsing.noarch                             2.4.7-9.el9                         baseos    
python3-pyparted.x86_64                              1:3.12.0-1.el9                      appstream 
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                             12.9.1-1.el9                        appstream 
python3-pyrsistent.x86_64                            0.17.3-8.el9                        appstream 
python3-pyserial.noarch                              3.4-12.el9                          appstream 
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.7.1-12.el9                        baseos    
python3-pytest.noarch                                6.2.2-6.el9.0.1                     appstream 
python3-pytz.noarch                                  2021.1-4.el9                        appstream 
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.22.0-6.el9                        baseos    
python3-pyusb.noarch                                 1.0.2-13.el9                        appstream 
python3-pyverbs.x86_64                               44.0-2.el9                          appstream 
python3-pywbem.noarch                                1:0.15.0-6.el9                      appstream 
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.27-3.el9                          appstream 
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                5.4.1-6.el9                         baseos    
python3-qrcode-core.noarch                           6.1-12.el9                          appstream 
python3-qt5.x86_64                                   5.15.6-1.el9                        appstream 
python3-qt5-base.i686                                5.15.6-1.el9                        appstream 
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                              5.15.6-1.el9                        appstream 
python3-requests.noarch                              2.25.1-7.el9_2                      baseos    
python3-requests+security.noarch                     2.25.1-7.el9_2                      appstream 
python3-requests+socks.noarch                        2.25.1-7.el9_2                      appstream 
python3-requests-file.noarch                         1.5.1-4.el9                         appstream 
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-23.el9                        appstream 
python3-requests-gssapi.noarch                       1.2.3-3.el9                         appstream 
python3-requests-oauthlib.noarch                     1.3.0-12.el9                        appstream 
python3-resolvelib.noarch                            0.5.4-5.el9                         appstream 
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                        12-8.el9                            appstream 
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                            3.9-52.el9                          appstream 
python3-rtslib.noarch                                2.1.75-1.el9                        appstream 
python3-samba.i686                                   4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
python3-samba.x86_64                                 4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
python3-samba-dc.x86_64                              4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
python3-sanlock.x86_64                               3.8.4-4.el9                         appstream 
python3-scapy.noarch                                 2.4.4-5.el9                         appstream 
python3-scipy.x86_64                                 1.6.2-8.el9                         appstream 
python3-scour.noarch                                 0.38.1-5.el9                        appstream 
python3-setools.x86_64                               4.4.1-1.el9                         baseos    
python3-setuptools.noarch                            53.0.0-12.el9                       baseos    
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.8.3-1.el9                         appstream 
python3-solv.x86_64                                  0.7.22-4.el9                        appstream 
python3-speechd.x86_64                               0.10.2-4.el9                        appstream 
python3-sqlalchemy.x86_64                            1.4.45-3.el9                        appstream 
python3-sss.x86_64                                   2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
python3-sss-murmur.x86_64                            2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
python3-sssdconfig.noarch                            2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
python3-subscription-manager-rhsm.x86_64             1.29.33.1-2.el9_2.rocky.0.1         baseos    
python3-subversion.x86_64                            1.14.1-5.el9_0                      appstream 
python3-talloc.i686                                  2.3.4-1.el9                         baseos    
python3-talloc.x86_64                                2.3.4-1.el9                         baseos    
python3-tbb.x86_64                                   2020.3-8.el9                        appstream 
python3-tdb.i686                                     1.4.7-1.el9                         baseos    
python3-tdb.x86_64                                   1.4.7-1.el9                         baseos    
python3-tevent.x86_64                                0.13.0-1.el9                        baseos    
python3-tkinter.x86_64                               3.9.16-1.el9_2.1                    appstream 
python3-toml.noarch                                  0.10.2-6.el9                        appstream 
python3-tornado.x86_64                               6.1.0-8.el9                         appstream 
python3-tracer.noarch                                0.7.5-4.el9                         appstream 
python3-unbound.x86_64                               1.16.2-3.el9                        appstream 
python3-urllib-gssapi.noarch                         1.0.2-4.el9                         appstream 
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.26.5-3.el9                        baseos    
python3-urwid.x86_64                                 2.1.2-4.el9                         baseos    
python3-virt-firmware.noarch                         1.6-2.el9                           appstream 
python3-volume_key.x86_64                            0.3.12-15.el9                       appstream 
python3-wcwidth.noarch                               0.2.5-8.el9                         appstream 
python3-wx-siplib.x86_64                             4.19.25-1.el9                       appstream 
python3-yubico.noarch                                1.3.3-7.el9                         appstream 
python3.11.x86_64                                    3.11.2-2.el9_2.1                    appstream 
python3.11-PyMySQL.noarch                            1.0.2-1.el9                         appstream 
python3.11-PyMySQL+rsa.noarch                        1.0.2-1.el9                         appstream 
python3.11-cffi.x86_64                               1.15.1-1.el9                        appstream 
python3.11-charset-normalizer.noarch                 2.1.0-1.el9                         appstream 
python3.11-cryptography.x86_64                       37.0.2-5.el9                        appstream 
python3.11-devel.i686                                3.11.2-2.el9_2.1                    appstream 
python3.11-devel.x86_64                              3.11.2-2.el9_2.1                    appstream 
python3.11-idna.noarch                               3.4-1.el9                           appstream 
python3.11-libs.i686                                 3.11.2-2.el9_2.1                    appstream 
python3.11-libs.x86_64                               3.11.2-2.el9_2.1                    appstream 
python3.11-lxml.x86_64                               4.9.2-3.el9                         appstream 
python3.11-mod_wsgi.x86_64                           4.9.4-1.el9                         appstream 
python3.11-numpy.x86_64                              1.23.5-1.el9                        appstream 
python3.11-numpy-f2py.x86_64                         1.23.5-1.el9                        appstream 
python3.11-pip.noarch                                22.3.1-2.el9                        appstream 
python3.11-pip-wheel.noarch                          22.3.1-2.el9                        appstream 
python3.11-ply.noarch                                3.11-1.el9                          appstream 
python3.11-psycopg2.x86_64                           2.9.3-1.el9                         appstream 
python3.11-pycparser.noarch                          2.20-1.el9                          appstream 
python3.11-pysocks.noarch                            1.7.1-1.el9                         appstream 
python3.11-pyyaml.x86_64                             6.0-1.el9                           appstream 
python3.11-requests.noarch                           2.28.1-1.el9                        appstream 
python3.11-requests+security.noarch                  2.28.1-1.el9                        appstream 
python3.11-requests+socks.noarch                     2.28.1-1.el9                        appstream 
python3.11-scipy.x86_64                              1.10.0-1.el9                        appstream 
python3.11-setuptools.noarch                         65.5.1-2.el9                        appstream 
python3.11-setuptools-wheel.noarch                   65.5.1-2.el9                        appstream 
python3.11-six.noarch                                1.16.0-1.el9                        appstream 
python3.11-tkinter.x86_64                            3.11.2-2.el9_2.1                    appstream 
python3.11-urllib3.noarch                            1.26.12-1.el9                       appstream 
python3.11-wheel.noarch                              0.38.4-3.el9                        appstream 
qatengine.x86_64                                     1.0.0-1.el9_2                       appstream 
qatlib.x86_64                                        23.02.0-2.el9_2                     appstream 
qatlib-service.x86_64                                23.02.0-2.el9_2                     appstream 
qatzip.x86_64                                        1.1.2-1.el9_2                       appstream 
qatzip-libs.x86_64                                   1.1.2-1.el9_2                       appstream 
qemu-ga-win.noarch                                   104.0.2-1.el9                       appstream 
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                              17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 appstream 
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                      17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 appstream 
qemu-kvm-audio-pa.x86_64                             17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 appstream 
qemu-kvm-block-curl.x86_64                           17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 appstream 
qemu-kvm-block-rbd.x86_64                            17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 appstream 
qemu-kvm-common.x86_64                               17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 appstream 
qemu-kvm-core.x86_64                                 17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 appstream 
qemu-kvm-device-display-virtio-gpu.x86_64            17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 appstream 
qemu-kvm-device-display-virtio-gpu-pci.x86_64        17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 appstream 
qemu-kvm-device-display-virtio-vga.x86_64            17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 appstream 
qemu-kvm-device-usb-host.x86_64                      17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 appstream 
qemu-kvm-device-usb-redirect.x86_64                  17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 appstream 
qemu-kvm-docs.x86_64                                 17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 appstream 
qemu-kvm-tools.x86_64                                17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 appstream 
qemu-kvm-ui-egl-headless.x86_64                      17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 appstream 
qemu-kvm-ui-opengl.x86_64                            17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 appstream 
qemu-pr-helper.x86_64                                17:7.2.0-14.el9_2.5                 appstream 
qgnomeplatform.i686                                  0.8.4-2.el9                         appstream 
qgnomeplatform.x86_64                                0.8.4-2.el9                         appstream 
qpdf-libs.i686                                       10.3.1-7.el9                        appstream 
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                     10.3.1-7.el9                        appstream 
qt5.noarch                                           5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-assistant.x86_64                                 5.15.3-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-designer.x86_64                                  5.15.3-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-doc.noarch                                       5.15.1-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-doctools.x86_64                                  5.15.3-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-linguist.x86_64                                  5.15.3-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qdbusviewer.x86_64                               5.15.3-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qt3d.i686                                        5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qt3d.x86_64                                      5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qt3d-devel.i686                                  5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qt3d-devel.x86_64                                5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qt3d-doc.noarch                                  5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qt3d-examples.x86_64                             5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase.i686                                      5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase-devel.i686                                5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase-devel.x86_64                              5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase-doc.noarch                                5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase-examples.i686                             5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase-examples.x86_64                           5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase-gui.i686                                  5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase-mysql.i686                                5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase-mysql.x86_64                              5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase-odbc.i686                                 5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase-odbc.x86_64                               5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase-postgresql.i686                           5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase-postgresql.x86_64                         5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase-private-devel.i686                        5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtbase-private-devel.x86_64                      5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtcharts-doc.noarch                              5.15.1-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtconnectivity.i686                              5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                            5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtconnectivity-devel.i686                        5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtconnectivity-devel.x86_64                      5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtconnectivity-doc.noarch                        5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtconnectivity-examples.x86_64                   5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtdatavis3d-doc.noarch                           5.15.1-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtdeclarative.i686                               5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtdeclarative-devel.i686                         5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtdeclarative-devel.x86_64                       5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtdeclarative-doc.noarch                         5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtdeclarative-examples.x86_64                    5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtdoc.noarch                                     5.15.3-2.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtgamepad-doc.noarch                             5.15.1-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.i686                          5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects-doc.noarch                    5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtimageformats.i686                              5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtimageformats.x86_64                            5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtimageformats-doc.noarch                        5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtlocation.i686                                  5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtlocation-devel.i686                            5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtlocation-devel.x86_64                          5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtlocation-doc.noarch                            5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtlocation-examples.x86_64                       5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtmultimedia.i686                                5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                              5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtmultimedia-devel.i686                          5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtmultimedia-devel.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtmultimedia-doc.noarch                          5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtmultimedia-examples.x86_64                     5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtpurchasing-doc.noarch                          5.15.1-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols.i686                             5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                           5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols-doc.noarch                       5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols-examples.x86_64                  5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.i686                            5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                          5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2-devel.i686                      5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2-devel.x86_64                    5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2-doc.noarch                      5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2-examples.x86_64                 5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtremoteobjects-doc.noarch                       5.15.1-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtscript.i686                                    5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtscript.x86_64                                  5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtscript-devel.i686                              5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtscript-devel.x86_64                            5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtscript-doc.noarch                              5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtscript-examples.x86_64                         5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtscxml-doc.noarch                               5.15.1-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtsensors.i686                                   5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                 5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtsensors-devel.i686                             5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtsensors-devel.x86_64                           5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtsensors-doc.noarch                             5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtsensors-examples.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtserialbus.i686                                 5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtserialbus.x86_64                               5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtserialbus-devel.i686                           5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtserialbus-devel.x86_64                         5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtserialbus-doc.noarch                           5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtserialbus-examples.x86_64                      5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtserialport.i686                                5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                              5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtserialport-devel.i686                          5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtserialport-devel.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtserialport-doc.noarch                          5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtserialport-examples.x86_64                     5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtspeech-doc.noarch                              5.15.1-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtsvg.i686                                       5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                     5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtsvg-devel.i686                                 5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtsvg-devel.x86_64                               5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtsvg-doc.noarch                                 5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtsvg-examples.x86_64                            5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qttools.x86_64                                   5.15.3-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                            5.15.3-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qttools-devel.i686                               5.15.3-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qttools-devel.x86_64                             5.15.3-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qttools-doc.noarch                               5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qttools-examples.i686                            5.15.3-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qttools-examples.x86_64                          5.15.3-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.i686                       5.15.3-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                     5.15.3-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qttools-libs-designercomponents.i686             5.15.3-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qttools-libs-designercomponents.x86_64           5.15.3-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qttools-libs-help.i686                           5.15.3-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                         5.15.3-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qttranslations.noarch                            5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtvirtualkeyboard-doc.noarch                     5.15.1-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwayland.i686                                   5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                 5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwayland-devel.i686                             5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwayland-devel.x86_64                           5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwayland-doc.noarch                             5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwayland-examples.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwebchannel.i686                                5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                              5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwebchannel-devel.i686                          5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwebchannel-devel.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwebchannel-doc.noarch                          5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwebchannel-examples.x86_64                     5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwebsockets.i686                                5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                              5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwebsockets-devel.i686                          5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwebsockets-devel.x86_64                        5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwebsockets-doc.noarch                          5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwebsockets-examples.x86_64                     5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtwebview-doc.noarch                             5.15.1-4.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtx11extras.i686                                 5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                               5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtx11extras-devel.i686                           5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtx11extras-devel.x86_64                         5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtx11extras-doc.noarch                           5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.i686                               5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                             5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-devel.i686                         5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-devel.x86_64                       5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-doc.noarch                         5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-examples.x86_64                    5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                                5.15.3-1.el9                        appstream 
quota.x86_64                                         1:4.06-6.el9                        baseos    
quota-doc.noarch                                     1:4.06-6.el9                        appstream 
quota-nld.x86_64                                     1:4.06-6.el9                        appstream 
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.06-6.el9                        baseos    
quota-rpc.x86_64                                     1:4.06-6.el9                        appstream 
quota-warnquota.x86_64                               1:4.06-6.el9                        appstream 
radvd.x86_64                                         2.19-5.el9                          appstream 
raptor2.i686                                         2.0.15-30.el9                       appstream 
raptor2.x86_64                                       2.0.15-30.el9                       appstream 
rasdaemon.x86_64                                     0.6.7-8.el9                         appstream 
rasqal.i686                                          0.9.33-18.el9                       appstream 
rasqal.x86_64                                        0.9.33-18.el9                       appstream 
rdma-core.x86_64                                     44.0-2.el9                          baseos    
rdma-core-devel.i686                                 44.0-2.el9                          appstream 
rdma-core-devel.x86_64                               44.0-2.el9                          appstream 
readline.i686                                        8.1-4.el9                           baseos    
readline-devel.i686                                  8.1-4.el9                           appstream 
readline-devel.x86_64                                8.1-4.el9                           appstream 
readonly-root.noarch                                 10.11.5-1.el9                       baseos    
realmd.x86_64                                        0.17.1-1.el9                        baseos    
realtime-tests.x86_64                                2.5-1.el9                           appstream 
rear.x86_64                                          2.6-17.el9                          appstream 
redfish-finder.noarch                                0.4-9.el9                           appstream 
redhat-display-fonts.noarch                          4.0.3-1.el9                         appstream 
redhat-mono-fonts.noarch                             4.0.3-1.el9                         appstream 
redhat-text-fonts.noarch                             4.0.3-1.el9                         appstream 
redis.x86_64                                         6.2.7-1.el9                         appstream 
redis-devel.i686                                     6.2.7-1.el9                         appstream 
redis-devel.x86_64                                   6.2.7-1.el9                         appstream 
redis-doc.noarch                                     6.2.7-1.el9                         appstream 
redland.i686                                         1.0.17-29.el9                       appstream 
redland.x86_64                                       1.0.17-29.el9                       appstream 
regexp.noarch                                        1:1.5-37.el9                        appstream 
rest.i686                                            0.8.1-11.el9                        appstream 
rest.x86_64                                          0.8.1-11.el9                        appstream 
restore.x86_64                                       1:0.4-0.51.b47.el9                  baseos    
rhel-system-roles.noarch                             1.21.2-1.el9_2                      appstream 
rhsm-icons.noarch                                    6-1.el9.rocky.0.1                   baseos    
rig.noarch                                           1.1-6.el9                           appstream 
rmt.x86_64                                           2:1.6-6.el9                         baseos    
rng-tools.x86_64                                     6.15-3.el9                          baseos    
rocky-backgrounds.noarch                             90.14-1.el9                         appstream 
rocky-gpg-keys.noarch                                9.2-1.6.el9                         baseos    
rocky-indexhtml.noarch                               9.0-2.el9                           appstream 
rocky-logos.x86_64                                   90.14-1.el9                         appstream 
rocky-logos-httpd.noarch                             90.14-1.el9                         appstream 
rocky-logos-ipa.noarch                               90.14-1.el9                         appstream 
rocky-release.noarch                                 9.2-1.6.el9                         baseos    
rocky-release-cloud.noarch                           9-3.el9                             extras    
rocky-release-core.noarch                            9-1.el9                             extras    
rocky-release-hpc.noarch                             9-1.el9                             extras    
rocky-repos.noarch                                   9.2-1.6.el9                         baseos    
rpaste.x86_64                                        0.3.1-1.el9                         extras    
rpcbind.x86_64                                       1.2.6-5.el9                         baseos    
rpcgen.x86_64                                        1.4-9.el9                           appstream 
rpm-apidocs.noarch                                   4.16.1.3-22.el9                     appstream 
rpm-build-libs.i686                                  4.16.1.3-22.el9                     baseos    
rpm-cron.noarch                                      4.16.1.3-22.el9                     appstream 
rpm-devel.i686                                       4.16.1.3-22.el9                     appstream 
rpm-devel.x86_64                                     4.16.1.3-22.el9                     appstream 
rpm-libs.i686                                        4.16.1.3-22.el9                     baseos    
rpm-mpi-hooks.noarch                                 8-3.el9                             appstream 
rpm-ostree.x86_64                                    2022.19-3.el9                       appstream 
rpm-ostree-libs.i686                                 2022.19-3.el9                       appstream 
rpm-ostree-libs.x86_64                               2022.19-3.el9                       appstream 
rpm-plugin-audit.x86_64                              4.16.1.3-22.el9                     baseos    
rpm-plugin-fapolicyd.x86_64                          4.16.1.3-22.el9                     appstream 
rpm-plugin-ima.x86_64                                4.16.1.3-22.el9                     appstream 
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                            4.16.1.3-22.el9                     baseos    
rpm-plugin-syslog.x86_64                             4.16.1.3-22.el9                     appstream 
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                    4.16.1.3-22.el9                     appstream 
rpm-sign-libs.i686                                   4.16.1.3-22.el9                     baseos    
rpmdevtools.noarch                                   9.5-1.el9                           appstream 
rpmfusion-free-release.noarch                        9-1                                 extras    
rpmfusion-free-release-tainted.noarch                9-1                                 extras    
rpmlint.noarch                                       1.11-19.el9                         appstream 
rrdtool.i686                                         1.7.2-21.el9                        appstream 
rrdtool.x86_64                                       1.7.2-21.el9                        appstream 
rrdtool-perl.x86_64                                  1.7.2-21.el9                        appstream 
rshim.x86_64                                         2.0.5-2.el9                         appstream 
rsync-daemon.noarch                                  3.2.3-19.el9                        appstream 
rsyslog.x86_64                                       8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-crypto.x86_64                                8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-doc.noarch                                   8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-elasticsearch.x86_64                         8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-gnutls.x86_64                                8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-gssapi.x86_64                                8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-kafka.x86_64                                 8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-logrotate.x86_64                             8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-mmaudit.x86_64                               8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-mmfields.x86_64                              8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-mmjsonparse.x86_64                           8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-mmkubernetes.x86_64                          8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-mmnormalize.x86_64                           8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-mmsnmptrapd.x86_64                           8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-mysql.x86_64                                 8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-omamqp1.x86_64                               8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-openssl.x86_64                               8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-pgsql.x86_64                                 8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-relp.x86_64                                  8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-snmp.x86_64                                  8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rsyslog-udpspoof.x86_64                              8.2102.0-113.el9_2.1                appstream 
rtkit.x86_64                                         0.11-28.el9                         appstream 
rtla.x86_64                                          5.14.0-284.30.1.el9_2               appstream 
ruby.i686                                            3.0.4-160.el9_0                     appstream 
ruby.x86_64                                          3.0.4-160.el9_0                     appstream 
ruby-default-gems.noarch                             3.0.4-160.el9_0                     appstream 
ruby-devel.i686                                      3.0.4-160.el9_0                     appstream 
ruby-devel.x86_64                                    3.0.4-160.el9_0                     appstream 
ruby-libs.i686                                       3.0.4-160.el9_0                     appstream 
ruby-libs.x86_64                                     3.0.4-160.el9_0                     appstream 
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                            3.0.0-160.el9_0                     appstream 
rubygem-bundler.noarch                               2.2.33-160.el9_0                    appstream 
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                            0.5.7-160.el9_0                     appstream 
rubygem-irb.noarch                                   1.3.5-160.el9_0                     appstream 
rubygem-json.x86_64                                  2.5.1-160.el9_0                     appstream 
rubygem-minitest.noarch                              5.14.2-160.el9_0                    appstream 
rubygem-mysql2.x86_64                                0.5.3-11.el9_0                      appstream 
rubygem-pg.x86_64                                    1.2.3-7.el9                         appstream 
rubygem-power_assert.noarch                          1.2.0-160.el9_0                     appstream 
rubygem-psych.x86_64                                 3.3.2-160.el9_0                     appstream 
rubygem-rake.noarch                                  13.0.3-160.el9_0                    appstream 
rubygem-rbs.noarch                                   1.4.0-160.el9_0                     appstream 
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                                  6.3.3-160.el9_0                     appstream 
rubygem-rexml.noarch                                 3.2.5-160.el9_0                     appstream 
rubygem-rss.noarch                                   0.2.9-160.el9_0                     appstream 
rubygem-test-unit.noarch                             3.3.7-160.el9_0                     appstream 
rubygem-typeprof.noarch                              0.15.2-160.el9_0                    appstream 
rubygems.noarch                                      3.2.33-160.el9_0                    appstream 
rubygems-devel.noarch                                3.2.33-160.el9_0                    appstream 
runc.x86_64                                          4:1.1.4-1.el9_1                     appstream 
rust.x86_64                                          1.66.1-2.el9_2                      appstream 
rust-analysis.x86_64                                 1.66.1-2.el9_2                      appstream 
rust-analyzer.x86_64                                 1.66.1-2.el9_2                      appstream 
rust-debugger-common.noarch                          1.66.1-2.el9_2                      appstream 
rust-doc.x86_64                                      1.66.1-2.el9_2                      appstream 
rust-gdb.noarch                                      1.66.1-2.el9_2                      appstream 
rust-lldb.noarch                                     1.66.1-2.el9_2                      appstream 
rust-src.noarch                                      1.66.1-2.el9_2                      appstream 
rust-std-static.i686                                 1.66.1-2.el9_2                      appstream 
rust-std-static.x86_64                               1.66.1-2.el9_2                      appstream 
rust-std-static-wasm32-unknown-unknown.noarch        1.66.1-2.el9_2                      appstream 
rust-std-static-wasm32-wasi.noarch                   1.66.1-2.el9_2                      appstream 
rust-toolset.x86_64                                  1.66.1-2.el9_2                      appstream 
rustfmt.x86_64                                       1.66.1-2.el9_2                      appstream 
s-nail.x86_64                                        14.9.22-6.el9                       appstream 
saab-fonts.noarch                                    0.91-25.el9                         appstream 
sac.noarch                                           1.3-37.el9                          appstream 
samba.x86_64                                         4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-client.x86_64                                  4.17.5-103.el9_2                    appstream 
samba-client-libs.i686                               4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-client-libs.x86_64                             4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-common.noarch                                  4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-common-libs.i686                               4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-common-libs.x86_64                             4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-common-tools.x86_64                            4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-dc-libs.i686                                   4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-dc-libs.x86_64                                 4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-dcerpc.x86_64                                  4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-krb5-printing.x86_64                           4.17.5-103.el9_2                    appstream 
samba-ldb-ldap-modules.x86_64                        4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-libs.i686                                      4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-libs.x86_64                                    4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-tools.x86_64                                   4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-usershares.x86_64                              4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-vfs-iouring.x86_64                             4.17.5-103.el9_2                    appstream 
samba-winbind.x86_64                                 4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-winbind-clients.x86_64                         4.17.5-103.el9_2                    appstream 
samba-winbind-krb5-locator.x86_64                    4.17.5-103.el9_2                    appstream 
samba-winbind-modules.i686                           4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-winbind-modules.x86_64                         4.17.5-103.el9_2                    baseos    
samba-winexe.x86_64                                  4.17.5-103.el9_2                    appstream 
sane-airscan.x86_64                                  0.99.24-3.el9                       appstream 
sane-backends.x86_64                                 1.0.32-7.el9                        appstream 
sane-backends-daemon.x86_64                          1.0.32-7.el9                        appstream 
sane-backends-devel.i686                             1.0.32-7.el9                        appstream 
sane-backends-devel.x86_64                           1.0.32-7.el9                        appstream 
sane-backends-doc.noarch                             1.0.32-7.el9                        appstream 
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.i686                   1.0.32-7.el9                        appstream 
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                 1.0.32-7.el9                        appstream 
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.i686                  1.0.32-7.el9                        appstream 
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                1.0.32-7.el9                        appstream 
sane-backends-libs.i686                              1.0.32-7.el9                        appstream 
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                            1.0.32-7.el9                        appstream 
sanlock.x86_64                                       3.8.4-4.el9                         appstream 
sanlock-lib.i686                                     3.8.4-4.el9                         appstream 
sanlock-lib.x86_64                                   3.8.4-4.el9                         appstream 
satyr.i686                                           0.38-3.el9                          appstream 
satyr.x86_64                                         0.38-3.el9                          appstream 
sbc.x86_64                                           1.4-9.el9                           appstream 
sblim-cmpi-base.i686                                 1.6.4-20.el9                        appstream 
sblim-cmpi-base.x86_64                               1.6.4-20.el9                        appstream 
sblim-indication_helper.i686                         0.5.0-8.el9                         appstream 
sblim-indication_helper.x86_64                       0.5.0-8.el9                         appstream 
sblim-sfcCommon.i686                                 1.0.1-19.el9                        appstream 
sblim-sfcCommon.x86_64                               1.0.1-19.el9                        appstream 
sblim-sfcb.x86_64                                    1.4.9-25.el9                        appstream 
sblim-sfcc.i686                                      2.2.8-18.el9                        appstream 
sblim-sfcc.x86_64                                    2.2.8-18.el9                        appstream 
sblim-wbemcli.x86_64                                 1.6.3-22.el9                        appstream 
scap-security-guide.noarch                           0.1.69-2.el9_2.rocky.0.1            appstream 
scap-security-guide-doc.noarch                       0.1.69-2.el9_2.rocky.0.1            appstream 
scap-security-guide-rule-playbooks.noarch            0.1.69-2.el9_2.rocky.0.1            appstream 
scap-workbench.x86_64                                1.2.1-13.el9                        appstream 
scl-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.0.3-4.el9                       appstream 
scl-utils-build.x86_64                               1:2.0.3-4.el9                       appstream 
scrub.x86_64                                         2.6.1-4.el9                         appstream 
sdl12-compat.i686                                    1.2.60-1.el9                        appstream 
sdl12-compat.x86_64                                  1.2.60-1.el9                        appstream 
seabios.x86_64                                       1.16.1-1.el9                        appstream 
seabios-bin.noarch                                   1.16.1-1.el9                        appstream 
seahorse.x86_64                                      40.0-2.el9                          appstream 
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                1.16.1-1.el9                        appstream 
selinux-policy.noarch                                38.1.11-2.el9_2.4                   baseos    
selinux-policy-devel.noarch                          38.1.11-2.el9_2.4                   appstream 
selinux-policy-doc.noarch                            38.1.11-2.el9_2.4                   baseos    
selinux-policy-mls.noarch                            38.1.11-2.el9_2.4                   baseos    
selinux-policy-sandbox.noarch                        38.1.11-2.el9_2.4                   baseos    
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       38.1.11-2.el9_2.4                   baseos    
sendmail.x86_64                                      8.16.1-10.el9                       appstream 
sendmail-cf.noarch                                   8.16.1-10.el9                       appstream 
sendmail-doc.noarch                                  8.16.1-10.el9                       appstream 
setools.x86_64                                       4.4.1-1.el9                         appstream 
setools-console.x86_64                               4.4.1-1.el9                         baseos    
setools-console-analyses.x86_64                      4.4.1-1.el9                         appstream 
setools-gui.x86_64                                   4.4.1-1.el9                         appstream 
setroubleshoot.x86_64                                3.3.31-2.el9_2                      appstream 
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch                        3.3.14-4.el9                        appstream 
setroubleshoot-server.x86_64                         3.3.31-2.el9_2                      appstream 
setserial.x86_64                                     2.17-54.el9                         baseos    
setxkbmap.x86_64                                     1.3.2-5.el9                         appstream 
sevctl.x86_64                                        0.3.2-1.el9                         appstream 
sg3_utils.x86_64                                     1.47-9.el9                          baseos    
sg3_utils-libs.i686                                  1.47-9.el9                          baseos    
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                1.47-9.el9                          baseos    
sgabios.x86_64                                       1:0.20180715git-8.el9               appstream 
sgabios-bin.noarch                                   1:0.20180715git-8.el9               appstream 
sgpio.x86_64                                         1.2.0.10-30.el9                     appstream 
shadow-utils-subid.i686                              2:4.9-6.el9                         baseos    
shadow-utils-subid.x86_64                            2:4.9-6.el9                         baseos    
shim-x64.x86_64                                      15.6-1.el9.rocky.0.2                baseos    
sid.x86_64                                           9:0.0.4-6.el9                       appstream 
sid-base-libs.x86_64                                 9:0.0.4-6.el9                       appstream 
sid-iface-libs.x86_64                                9:0.0.4-6.el9                       appstream 
sid-log-libs.x86_64                                  9:0.0.4-6.el9                       appstream 
sid-mod-block-blkid.x86_64                           9:0.0.4-6.el9                       appstream 
sid-mod-block-dm-mpath.x86_64                        9:0.0.4-6.el9                       appstream 
sid-mod-dummies.x86_64                               9:0.0.4-6.el9                       appstream 
sid-resource-libs.x86_64                             9:0.0.4-6.el9                       appstream 
sid-tools.x86_64                                     9:0.0.4-6.el9                       appstream 
sil-abyssinica-fonts.noarch                          1.200-23.el9                        appstream 
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.200-4.el9                         appstream 
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-9.el9                         appstream 
sil-scheherazade-fonts.noarch                        2.100-14.el9                        appstream 
sip6.x86_64                                          6.6.2-1.el9_2.1                     appstream 
sisu.noarch                                          1:0.3.4-10.el9                      appstream 
skopeo.x86_64                                        2:1.11.2-0.1.el9                    appstream 
skopeo-tests.x86_64                                  2:1.11.2-0.1.el9                    appstream 
slang.i686                                           2.3.2-11.el9                        baseos    
slang.x86_64                                         2.3.2-11.el9                        baseos    
slang-devel.i686                                     2.3.2-11.el9                        appstream 
slang-devel.x86_64                                   2.3.2-11.el9                        appstream 
slapi-nis.x86_64                                     0.60.0-4.el9_2                      appstream 
slf4j.noarch                                         1.7.30-13.el9                       appstream 
slf4j-jdk14.noarch                                   1.7.30-13.el9                       appstream 
slirp4netns.x86_64                                   1.2.0-3.el9                         appstream 
smartmontools.x86_64                                 1:7.2-6.el9                         baseos    
smc-meera-fonts.noarch                               7.0.3-5.el9                         appstream 
smc-rachana-fonts.noarch                             7.0.3-5.el9                         appstream 
smc-tools.i686                                       1.8.2-1.el9                         appstream 
smc-tools.x86_64                                     1.8.2-1.el9                         appstream 
snappy.i686                                          1.1.8-8.el9                         baseos    
snappy.x86_64                                        1.1.8-8.el9                         baseos    
socat.x86_64                                         1.7.4.1-5.el9                       appstream 
softhsm.x86_64                                       2.6.1-7.el9.2                       appstream 
sombok.i686                                          2.4.0-16.el9                        appstream 
sombok.x86_64                                        2.4.0-16.el9                        appstream 
sos.noarch                                           4.6.0-2.el9                         baseos    
sos-audit.noarch                                     4.6.0-2.el9                         baseos    
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-17.el9                          appstream 
soundtouch.i686                                      2.1.1-8.el9                         appstream 
soundtouch.x86_64                                    2.1.1-8.el9                         appstream 
source-highlight.i686                                3.1.9-11.el9                        appstream 
spamassassin.x86_64                                  3.4.6-5.el9                         appstream 
speech-dispatcher.i686                               0.10.2-4.el9                        appstream 
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                             0.10.2-4.el9                        appstream 
speech-dispatcher-doc.noarch                         0.10.2-4.el9                        appstream 
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                   0.10.2-4.el9                        appstream 
speech-tools-libs.i686                               2.5-18.el9                          appstream 
speech-tools-libs.x86_64                             2.5-18.el9                          appstream 
speex.i686                                           1.2.0-11.el9                        appstream 
speex.x86_64                                         1.2.0-11.el9                        appstream 
speexdsp.i686                                        1.2.0-5.el9                         appstream 
speexdsp.x86_64                                      1.2.0-5.el9                         appstream 
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                 0.21.0-5.el9                        appstream 
spirv-tools.x86_64                                   2023.1-2.el9                        appstream 
spirv-tools-libs.i686                                2023.1-2.el9                        appstream 
spirv-tools-libs.x86_64                              2023.1-2.el9                        appstream 
splix.x86_64                                         2.0.1-0.46.20130902svn.el9          appstream 
sqlite.i686                                          3.34.1-6.el9_1                      appstream 
sqlite.x86_64                                        3.34.1-6.el9_1                      appstream 
sqlite-devel.i686                                    3.34.1-6.el9_1                      appstream 
sqlite-devel.x86_64                                  3.34.1-6.el9_1                      appstream 
sqlite-libs.i686                                     3.34.1-6.el9_1                      baseos    
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                4.4-8.git1.el9                      baseos    
squid.x86_64                                         7:5.5-5.el9                         appstream 
srp_daemon.x86_64                                    44.0-2.el9                          baseos    
sscg.x86_64                                          3.0.0-7.el9                         appstream 
ssh-key-dir.x86_64                                   0.1.4-1.el9                         appstream 
sshpass.x86_64                                       1.09-4.el9                          appstream 
sssd.x86_64                                          2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
sssd-ad.x86_64                                       2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
sssd-client.i686                                     2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                               2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
sssd-dbus.x86_64                                     2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
sssd-idp.x86_64                                      2.8.2-3.el9_2                       appstream 
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                      2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                     2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                              2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                     2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
sssd-polkit-rules.x86_64                             2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                    2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
sssd-tools.x86_64                                    2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
sssd-winbind-idmap.x86_64                            2.8.2-3.el9_2                       baseos    
stalld.x86_64                                        1.17.1-1.el9_1                      appstream 
startup-notification.i686                            0.12-23.el9                         appstream 
startup-notification.x86_64                          0.12-23.el9                         appstream 
startup-notification-devel.i686                      0.12-23.el9                         appstream 
startup-notification-devel.x86_64                    0.12-23.el9                         appstream 
stix-fonts.noarch                                    2.0.2-11.el9                        appstream 
stratis-cli.noarch                                   3.4.1-1.el9                         appstream 
stratisd.x86_64                                      3.4.4-1.el9                         appstream 
stratisd-dracut.x86_64                               3.4.4-1.el9                         appstream 
stress-ng.x86_64                                     0.15.00-1.el9                       appstream 
stunnel.x86_64                                       5.62-3.el9                          baseos    
subscription-manager.x86_64                          1.29.33.1-2.el9_2.rocky.0.1         baseos    
subscription-manager-cockpit.noarch                  6-1.el9.rocky.0.1                   baseos    
subscription-manager-plugin-ostree.x86_64            1.29.33.1-2.el9_2.rocky.0.1         baseos    
subscription-manager-rhsm-certificates.noarch        20220623-1.el9                      baseos    
subversion.x86_64                                    1.14.1-5.el9_0                      appstream 
subversion-devel.x86_64                              1.14.1-5.el9_0                      appstream 
subversion-gnome.x86_64                              1.14.1-5.el9_0                      appstream 
subversion-libs.x86_64                               1.14.1-5.el9_0                      appstream 
subversion-perl.x86_64                               1.14.1-5.el9_0                      appstream 
subversion-tools.x86_64                              1.14.1-5.el9_0                      appstream 
sudo-python-plugin.x86_64                            1.9.5p2-9.el9                       appstream 
suitesparse.i686                                     5.4.0-10.el9                        appstream 
suitesparse.x86_64                                   5.4.0-10.el9                        appstream 
supermin.x86_64                                      5.3.3-1.el9                         appstream 
sushi.x86_64                                         3.38.1-2.el9                        appstream 
switcheroo-control.x86_64                            2.4-4.el9                           appstream 
swtpm.x86_64                                         0.8.0-1.el9                         appstream 
swtpm-libs.x86_64                                    0.8.0-1.el9                         appstream 
swtpm-tools.x86_64                                   0.8.0-1.el9                         appstream 
symlinks.x86_64                                      1.7-6.el9                           baseos    
synce4l.x86_64                                       0-4.20221122git9564b5.el9           appstream 
sysfsutils.x86_64                                    2.1.1-10.el9                        appstream 
syslinux.x86_64                                      6.04-0.20.el9                       baseos    
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                             6.04-0.20.el9                       baseos    
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                    6.04-0.20.el9                       baseos    
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                             6.04-0.20.el9                       baseos    
syslinux-tftpboot.noarch                             6.04-0.20.el9                       appstream 
sysprof-capture-devel.i686                           3.40.1-3.el9                        appstream 
sysprof-capture-devel.x86_64                         3.40.1-3.el9                        appstream 
sysstat.x86_64                                       12.5.4-5.el9                        appstream 
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.15-4.el9                        appstream 
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                    1.5.15-4.el9                        appstream 
systemd.i686                                         252-14.el9_2.3.0.1                  baseos    
systemd.x86_64                                       252-14.el9_2.3.0.1                  baseos    
systemd-container.i686                               252-14.el9_2.3.0.1                  baseos    
systemd-container.x86_64                             252-14.el9_2.3.0.1                  baseos    
systemd-devel.i686                                   252-14.el9_2.3.0.1                  appstream 
systemd-devel.x86_64                                 252-14.el9_2.3.0.1                  appstream 
systemd-journal-remote.x86_64                        252-14.el9_2.3.0.1                  appstream 
systemd-libs.i686                                    252-14.el9_2.3.0.1                  baseos    
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  252-14.el9_2.3.0.1                  baseos    
systemd-oomd.x86_64                                  252-14.el9_2.3.0.1                  baseos    
systemd-pam.x86_64                                   252-14.el9_2.3.0.1                  baseos    
systemd-resolved.x86_64                              252-14.el9_2.3.0.1                  baseos    
systemd-rpm-macros.noarch                            252-14.el9_2.3.0.1                  baseos    
systemd-udev.x86_64                                  252-14.el9_2.3.0.1                  baseos    
systemtap-devel.i686                                 4.8-2.el9                           appstream 
systemtap-exporter.x86_64                            4.8-2.el9                           appstream 
systemtap-initscript.x86_64                          4.8-2.el9                           appstream 
systemtap-runtime-java.x86_64                        4.8-2.el9                           appstream 
systemtap-runtime-python3.x86_64                     4.8-2.el9                           appstream 
systemtap-runtime-virtguest.x86_64                   4.8-2.el9                           appstream 
systemtap-runtime-virthost.x86_64                    4.8-2.el9                           appstream 
systemtap-sdt-devel.i686                             4.8-2.el9                           appstream 
systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                           4.8-2.el9                           appstream 
systemtap-server.x86_64                              4.8-2.el9                           appstream 
taglib.i686                                          1.12-6.el9                          appstream 
taglib.x86_64                                        1.12-6.el9                          appstream 
tang.x86_64                                          11-2.el9                            appstream 
target-restore.noarch                                2.1.75-1.el9                        appstream 
targetcli.noarch                                     2.1.53-7.el9                        appstream 
tbb.i686                                             2020.3-8.el9                        appstream 
tbb-devel.i686                                       2020.3-8.el9                        appstream 
tbb-devel.x86_64                                     2020.3-8.el9                        appstream 
tbb-doc.x86_64                                       2020.3-8.el9                        appstream 
tboot.x86_64                                         1:1.10.5-2.el9                      baseos    
tcl.x86_64                                           1:8.6.10-7.el9                      baseos    
tcl-devel.x86_64                                     1:8.6.10-7.el9                      appstream 
tcl-doc.noarch                                       1:8.6.10-7.el9                      appstream 
tcpdump.x86_64                                       14:4.99.0-6.el9                     appstream 
tcsh.x86_64                                          6.22.03-6.el9                       appstream 
tdb-tools.x86_64                                     1.4.7-1.el9                         baseos    
teamd.i686                                           1.31-16.el9_1                       baseos    
teamd.x86_64                                         1.31-16.el9_1                       baseos    
teckit.i686                                          2.5.9-8.el9                         appstream 
teckit.x86_64                                        2.5.9-8.el9                         appstream 
telnet.x86_64                                        1:0.17-85.el9                       appstream 
telnet-server.x86_64                                 1:0.17-85.el9                       appstream 
tesseract.i686                                       4.1.1-7.el9                         appstream 
tesseract.x86_64                                     4.1.1-7.el9                         appstream 
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                        4.1.0-3.el9                         appstream 
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                        4.1.0-3.el9                         appstream 
tex-fonts-hebrew.noarch                              0.1-36.el9                          appstream 
tex-preview.noarch                                   12.3-2.el9                          appstream 
texlive.x86_64                                       9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-adjustbox.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ae.noarch                                    9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-algorithms.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-alphalph.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-amscls.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-amsmath.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-anyfontsize.noarch                           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-anysize.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-appendix.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-arabxetex.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-arphic.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-atbegshi.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-attachfile.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-attachfile2.noarch                           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-atveryend.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-auxhook.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-avantgar.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-awesomebox.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-babel.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-babel-english.noarch                         9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-babelbib.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-base.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-beamer.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-bera.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-beton.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-bibtex.x86_64                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-bibtopic.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-bidi.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-bigfoot.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-bigintcalc.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-bitset.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-bookman.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-bookmark.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-booktabs.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-breakurl.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-breqn.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-capt-of.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-caption.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-carlisle.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-catchfile.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-changebar.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-changepage.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-charter.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-chngcntr.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-cite.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-cjk.noarch                                   9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-classpack.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-cm.noarch                                    9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-cm-lgc.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-cm-super.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-cmap.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-cmextra.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-cns.noarch                                   9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-collectbox.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-collection-basic.noarch                      9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-collection-fontsrecommended.noarch           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-collection-htmlxml.noarch                    9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-collection-latex.noarch                      9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-collection-latexrecommended.noarch           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-collection-xetex.noarch                      9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-colorprofiles.noarch                         9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-colortbl.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-context.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-courier.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-crop.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-csquotes.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ctable.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ctablestack.noarch                           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-currfile.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-datetime.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-dehyph.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-dvipdfmx.x86_64                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-dvipng.x86_64                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-dvips.x86_64                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-dvisvgm.x86_64                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ec.noarch                                    9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-eepic.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-enctex.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-enumitem.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-environ.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-epsf.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-epstopdf.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-epstopdf-pkg.noarch                          9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-eqparbox.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-etex.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-etexcmds.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-etoc.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-euenc.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-euler.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-euro.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-eurosym.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-extsizes.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-fancybox.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-fancyref.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-filecontents.noarch                          9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-filehook.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-finstrut.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-fix2col.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-fixlatvian.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-float.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-fmtcount.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-fncychap.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-fontawesome.noarch                           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-fontbook.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-fonts-tlwg.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-fontspec.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-fontware.x86_64                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-fontwrap.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-footmisc.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-footnotehyper.noarch                         9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-fp.noarch                                    9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-fpl.noarch                                   9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-framed.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-garuda-c90.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-geometry.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-gettitlestring.noarch                        9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-glyphlist.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-graphics.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                          9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                          9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-grfext.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-grffile.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-hanging.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-helvetic.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-hobsub.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-hologo.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-hycolor.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-hyperref.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-hyphenat.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-hyphenex.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ifoddpage.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ifplatform.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-iftex.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-import.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-index.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-infwarerr.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-intcalc.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-jadetex.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-jknapltx.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-kastrup.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-kerkis.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-knuth-local.noarch                           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-koma-script.noarch                           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-kvdefinekeys.noarch                          9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-kvoptions.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-kvsetkeys.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-l3backend.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-l3experimental.noarch                        9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-l3packages.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-lastpage.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-latex.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-latex2man.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-latexbug.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-letltxmacro.noarch                           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-lettrine.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-lib.i686                                     9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-lib.x86_64                                   9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-linegoal.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-lineno.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-listings.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-listofitems.noarch                           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-lm.noarch                                    9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-lm-math.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ltabptch.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ltxcmds.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ltxmisc.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                        9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-luahbtex.x86_64                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-lualatex-math.noarch                         9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-lualibs.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-luatex.x86_64                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-luatex85.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-lwarp.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-makecmds.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-makeindex.x86_64                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-manfnt-font.noarch                           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-marginnote.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-marvosym.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-mathspec.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-mathtools.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-mdwtools.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-memoir.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-metafont.x86_64                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-metalogo.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-metapost.x86_64                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-mflogo.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-mflogo-font.noarch                           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-mfnfss.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-mfware.x86_64                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-microtype.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-minitoc.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-mnsymbol.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-modes.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-mparhack.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-mptopdf.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ms.noarch                                    9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-multido.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-multirow.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-natbib.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ncctools.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ncntrsbk.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-needspace.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-newfloat.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-newunicodechar.noarch                        9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-norasi-c90.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-notoccite.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ntgclass.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-oberdiek.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-obsolete.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-overpic.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-palatino.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-paralist.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-parallel.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-parskip.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-passivetex.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pdfcolmk.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pdfescape.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pdflscape.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pdfpages.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pdftexcmds.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pgf.noarch                                   9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-philokalia.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-placeins.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-plain.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-powerdot.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-preprint.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-psfrag.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pslatex.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-psnfss.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pspicture.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pst-arrow.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pst-blur.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pst-math.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pst-node.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pst-slpe.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pst-text.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pst-tools.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pstricks.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                          9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ptext.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-pxfonts.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-qstest.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ragged2e.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-rcs.noarch                                   9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-realscripts.noarch                           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-refcount.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-rerunfilecheck.noarch                        9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-rsfs.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-sansmath.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-sansmathaccent.noarch                        9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-sauerj.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-scheme-basic.noarch                          9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-section.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-sectsty.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-seminar.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-sepnum.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-setspace.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-showexpl.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-soul.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-stackengine.noarch                           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-stmaryrd.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-stringenc.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-subfig.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-subfigure.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-svn-prov.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-symbol.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-t2.noarch                                    9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-tabu.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-tabulary.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-tex.x86_64                                   9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-tex-gyre.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-tex-gyre-math.noarch                         9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                         9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-tex4ht.x86_64                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-texlive-common-doc.noarch                    9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-texlive-docindex.noarch                      9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-texlive-en.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-texlive-msg-translations.noarch              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                       9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-texlive-scripts-extra.noarch                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                         9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-textcase.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-textpos.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-threeparttable.noarch                        9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-times.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-tipa.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-titlesec.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-titling.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-tocloft.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-tools.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-translator.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-trimspaces.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-txfonts.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-type1cm.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-typehtml.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ucharcat.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ucharclasses.noarch                          9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ucs.noarch                                   9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-uhc.noarch                                   9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-ulem.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-underscore.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                          9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-unicode-math.noarch                          9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-uniquecounter.noarch                         9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-unisugar.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-updmap-map.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-upquote.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-url.noarch                                   9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-utopia.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-varwidth.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-wadalab.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-was.noarch                                   9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-wasy.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-wasy-type1.noarch                            9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-wasysym.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-wrapfig.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xcolor.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xdvi.x86_64                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xecjk.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xecolor.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xecyr.noarch                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xeindex.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xepersian.noarch                             9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xesearch.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xetex.x86_64                                 9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xetex-itrans.noarch                          9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xetex-pstricks.noarch                        9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xetex-tibetan.noarch                         9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xetexconfig.noarch                           9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xetexfontinfo.noarch                         9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xifthen.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xltxtra.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xmltex.noarch                                9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xmltexconfig.noarch                          9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xstring.noarch                               9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xtab.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-xunicode.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-zapfchan.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-zapfding.noarch                              9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
texlive-zref.noarch                                  9:20200406-26.el9_2                 appstream 
tftp.x86_64                                          5.2-37.el9                          appstream 
tftp-server.x86_64                                   5.2-37.el9                          appstream 
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                    0.7.2-5.el9                         appstream 
thai-scalable-garuda-fonts.noarch                    0.7.2-5.el9                         appstream 
thai-scalable-kinnari-fonts.noarch                   0.7.2-5.el9                         appstream 
thai-scalable-loma-fonts.noarch                      0.7.2-5.el9                         appstream 
thai-scalable-norasi-fonts.noarch                    0.7.2-5.el9                         appstream 
thai-scalable-purisa-fonts.noarch                    0.7.2-5.el9                         appstream 
thai-scalable-sawasdee-fonts.noarch                  0.7.2-5.el9                         appstream 
thai-scalable-tlwgmono-fonts.noarch                  0.7.2-5.el9                         appstream 
thai-scalable-tlwgtypewriter-fonts.noarch            0.7.2-5.el9                         appstream 
thai-scalable-tlwgtypist-fonts.noarch                0.7.2-5.el9                         appstream 
thai-scalable-tlwgtypo-fonts.noarch                  0.7.2-5.el9                         appstream 
thai-scalable-umpush-fonts.noarch                    0.7.2-5.el9                         appstream 
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                     0.7.2-5.el9                         appstream 
theora-tools.x86_64                                  1:1.1.1-31.el9                      appstream 
thermald.x86_64                                      2.5.2-1.el9_2                       appstream 
thunderbird.x86_64                                   102.15.1-1.el9_2                    appstream 
tigervnc.x86_64                                      1.12.0-13.el9_2                     appstream 
tigervnc-icons.noarch                                1.12.0-13.el9_2                     appstream 
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.12.0-13.el9_2                     appstream 
tigervnc-selinux.noarch                              1.12.0-13.el9_2                     appstream 
tigervnc-server.x86_64                               1.12.0-13.el9_2                     appstream 
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                       1.12.0-13.el9_2                     appstream 
tigervnc-server-module.x86_64                        1.12.0-13.el9_2                     appstream 
time.x86_64                                          1.9-18.el9                          baseos    
tinycdb.i686                                         0.78-18.el9                         appstream 
tinycdb.x86_64                                       0.78-18.el9                         appstream 
tk.x86_64                                            1:8.6.10-9.el9                      appstream 
tk-devel.x86_64                                      1:8.6.10-9.el9                      appstream 
tlog.i686                                            12.1-2.el9                          appstream 
tlog.x86_64                                          12.1-2.el9                          appstream 
tmpwatch.x86_64                                      2.11-20.el9                         appstream 
tmux.x86_64                                          3.2a-4.el9                          baseos    
tog-pegasus.x86_64                                   2:2.14.1-64.el9                     appstream 
tog-pegasus-libs.i686                                2:2.14.1-64.el9                     appstream 
tog-pegasus-libs.x86_64                              2:2.14.1-64.el9                     appstream 
tokyocabinet.i686                                    1.4.48-19.el9                       appstream 
tokyocabinet.x86_64                                  1.4.48-19.el9                       appstream 
tomcat.noarch                                        1:9.0.62-11.el9                     appstream 
tomcat-admin-webapps.noarch                          1:9.0.62-11.el9                     appstream 
tomcat-docs-webapp.noarch                            1:9.0.62-11.el9                     appstream 
tomcat-el-3.0-api.noarch                             1:9.0.62-11.el9                     appstream 
tomcat-jsp-2.3-api.noarch                            1:9.0.62-11.el9                     appstream 
tomcat-lib.noarch                                    1:9.0.62-11.el9                     appstream 
tomcat-servlet-4.0-api.noarch                        1:9.0.62-11.el9                     appstream 
tomcat-webapps.noarch                                1:9.0.62-11.el9                     appstream 
toolbox.x86_64                                       0.0.99.3-9.el9.rocky.0.1            appstream 
toolbox-tests.x86_64                                 0.0.99.3-9.el9.rocky.0.1            appstream 
totem.x86_64                                         1:3.38.2-1.el9                      appstream 
totem-pl-parser.i686                                 3.26.6-2.el9                        appstream 
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                               3.26.6-2.el9                        appstream 
totem-video-thumbnailer.x86_64                       1:3.38.2-1.el9                      appstream 
tpm2-abrmd.i686                                      2.4.0-3.el9                         appstream 
tpm2-abrmd.x86_64                                    2.4.0-3.el9                         appstream 
tpm2-abrmd-selinux.noarch                            2.3.1-7.el9                         appstream 
tpm2-pkcs11.x86_64                                   1.5.0-9.el9                         appstream 
tpm2-pkcs11-tools.x86_64                             1.5.0-9.el9                         appstream 
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                    5.2-2.el9_1                         baseos    
tpm2-tss.i686                                        3.0.3-8.el9                         baseos    
trace-cmd.x86_64                                     2.9.2-9.el9                         baseos    
tracer-common.noarch                                 0.7.5-4.el9                         appstream 
traceroute.x86_64                                    3:2.1.0-16.el9                      baseos    
tracker.x86_64                                       3.1.2-3.el9_1                       appstream 
tracker-miners.x86_64                                3.1.2-3.el9                         appstream 
tree.x86_64                                          1.8.0-10.el9                        baseos    
tss2.i686                                            1:1.6.0-7.el9                       baseos    
tss2.x86_64                                          1:1.6.0-7.el9                       baseos    
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                      3.0.9-65.el9                        appstream 
tuna.noarch                                          0.18-12.el9                         baseos    
tuned.noarch                                         2.20.0-1.el9                        baseos    
tuned-gtk.noarch                                     2.20.0-1.el9                        appstream 
tuned-profiles-atomic.noarch                         2.20.0-1.el9                        appstream 
tuned-profiles-cpu-partitioning.noarch               2.20.0-1.el9                        baseos    
tuned-profiles-mssql.noarch                          2.20.0-1.el9                        appstream 
tuned-profiles-oracle.noarch                         2.20.0-1.el9                        appstream 
tuned-profiles-postgresql.noarch                     2.20.0-1.el9                        appstream 
tuned-profiles-spectrumscale.noarch                  2.20.0-1.el9                        appstream 
tuned-utils.noarch                                   2.20.0-1.el9                        appstream 
twolame.x86_64                                       0.3.13-19.el9                       appstream 
twolame-libs.i686                                    0.3.13-19.el9                       appstream 
twolame-libs.x86_64                                  0.3.13-19.el9                       appstream 
ucs-miscfixed-fonts.noarch                           0.3-29.el9                          appstream 
ucx.x86_64                                           1.13.1-2.el9                        appstream 
ucx-cma.x86_64                                       1.13.1-2.el9                        appstream 
ucx-devel.x86_64                                     1.13.1-2.el9                        appstream 
ucx-ib.x86_64                                        1.13.1-2.el9                        appstream 
ucx-rdmacm.x86_64                                    1.13.1-2.el9                        appstream 
udftools.x86_64                                      2.2-5.el9                           appstream 
udica.noarch                                         0.2.6-30.el9_1                      appstream 
udisks2.x86_64                                       2.9.4-7.el9                         appstream 
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                 2.9.4-7.el9                         appstream 
udisks2-lsm.x86_64                                   2.9.4-7.el9                         appstream 
udisks2-lvm2.x86_64                                  2.9.4-7.el9                         appstream 
unbound.x86_64                                       1.16.2-3.el9                        appstream 
unbound-libs.i686                                    1.16.2-3.el9                        appstream 
unbound-libs.x86_64                                  1.16.2-3.el9                        appstream 
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   13.0.0-5.el9                        appstream 
units.x86_64                                         2.21-4.el9                          baseos    
univocity-parsers.noarch                             2.9.1-5.el9                         appstream 
unixODBC.i686                                        2.3.9-4.el9                         appstream 
unixODBC.x86_64                                      2.3.9-4.el9                         appstream 
upower.i686                                          0.99.13-2.el9                       appstream 
upower.x86_64                                        0.99.13-2.el9                       appstream 
uresourced.x86_64                                    0.4.0-3.el9                         appstream 
urlview.x86_64                                       0.9-31.20131022git08767a.el9        appstream 
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                2.6.1-4.el9                         baseos    
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-6.el9                      baseos    
usbguard.x86_64                                      1.0.0-15.el9                        appstream 
usbguard-dbus.x86_64                                 1.0.0-15.el9                        appstream 
usbguard-notifier.x86_64                             1.0.0-15.el9                        appstream 
usbguard-selinux.noarch                              1.0.0-15.el9                        appstream 
usbguard-tools.x86_64                                1.0.0-15.el9                        appstream 
usbredir.i686                                        0.13.0-2.el9                        appstream 
usbredir.x86_64                                      0.13.0-2.el9                        appstream 
usbredir-server.x86_64                               0.13.0-2.el9                        appstream 
usbutils.x86_64                                      013-4.el9                           baseos    
usermode-gtk.x86_64                                  1.114-4.el9                         appstream 
userspace-rcu.i686                                   0.12.1-6.el9                        baseos    
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                 0.12.1-6.el9                        baseos    
utf8proc.i686                                        2.6.1-4.el9                         appstream 
utf8proc.x86_64                                      2.6.1-4.el9                         appstream 
util-linux-user.x86_64                               2.37.4-11.el9_2                     baseos    
uuid.i686                                            1.6.2-55.el9                        appstream 
uuid.x86_64                                          1.6.2-55.el9                        appstream 
uuid-c++.i686                                        1.6.2-55.el9                        appstream 
uuid-c++.x86_64                                      1.6.2-55.el9                        appstream 
uuid-dce.i686                                        1.6.2-55.el9                        appstream 
uuid-dce.x86_64                                      1.6.2-55.el9                        appstream 
uuidd.x86_64                                         2.37.4-11.el9_2                     appstream 
valgrind.i686                                        1:3.19.0-3.el9                      appstream 
valgrind-devel.i686                                  1:3.19.0-3.el9                      appstream 
varnish.i686                                         6.6.2-3.el9                         appstream 
varnish.x86_64                                       6.6.2-3.el9                         appstream 
varnish-docs.x86_64                                  6.6.2-3.el9                         appstream 
varnish-modules.x86_64                               0.18.0-1.el9                        appstream 
vdo.x86_64                                           8.2.0.2-1.el9                       baseos    
vdo-support.x86_64                                   8.2.0.2-1.el9                       baseos    
veritysetup.x86_64                                   2.6.0-2.el9                         baseos    
vim-X11.x86_64                                       2:8.2.2637-20.el9_1                 appstream 
virt-install.noarch                                  4.1.0-4.el9                         appstream 
virt-manager.noarch                                  4.1.0-4.el9                         appstream 
virt-manager-common.noarch                           4.1.0-4.el9                         appstream 
virt-p2v.x86_64                                      1:1.42.2-1.1.el9                    appstream 
virt-top.x86_64                                      1.1.1-9.el9                         appstream 
virt-v2v.x86_64                                      1:2.2.0-6.el9_2                     appstream 
virt-v2v-bash-completion.noarch                      1:2.2.0-6.el9_2                     appstream 
virt-viewer.x86_64                                   11.0-1.el9                          appstream 
virt-what.x86_64                                     1.25-3.el9                          baseos    
virt-who.noarch                                      1.31.26-1.el9                       appstream 
virt-win-reg.noarch                                  1.48.2-8.el9                        appstream 
virtio-win.noarch                                    1.9.34-0.el9_2                      appstream 
virtiofsd.x86_64                                     1.5.0-1.el9                         appstream 
voikko-fi.noarch                                     2.4-5.el9                           appstream 
volume_key.x86_64                                    0.3.12-15.el9                       appstream 
volume_key-libs.i686                                 0.3.12-15.el9                       appstream 
volume_key-libs.x86_64                               0.3.12-15.el9                       appstream 
vsftpd.x86_64                                        3.0.5-4.el9                         appstream 
vte-profile.x86_64                                   0.64.2-2.el9                        appstream 
vte291.i686                                          0.64.2-2.el9                        appstream 
vte291.x86_64                                        0.64.2-2.el9                        appstream 
vulkan-headers.noarch                                1.3.239.0-2.el9                     appstream 
vulkan-loader.i686                                   1.3.239.0-1.el9                     appstream 
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                 1.3.239.0-1.el9                     appstream 
vulkan-loader-devel.i686                             1.3.239.0-1.el9                     appstream 
vulkan-loader-devel.x86_64                           1.3.239.0-1.el9                     appstream 
vulkan-tools.x86_64                                  1.3.239.0-1.el9                     appstream 
vulkan-validation-layers.x86_64                      1.3.239.0-1.el9                     appstream 
watchdog.x86_64                                      5.16-2.el9                          appstream 
wavpack.i686                                         5.4.0-5.el9                         appstream 
wavpack.x86_64                                       5.4.0-5.el9                         appstream 
wayland-devel.i686                                   1.21.0-1.el9                        appstream 
wayland-devel.x86_64                                 1.21.0-1.el9                        appstream 
wayland-protocols-devel.noarch                       1.31-1.el9                          appstream 
wayland-utils.x86_64                                 1.0.0-4.el9                         appstream 
waypipe.x86_64                                       0.8.2-1.el9                         appstream 
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                         5-15.el9                            appstream 
webkit2gtk3.i686                                     2.38.5-1.el9_2.3                    appstream 
webkit2gtk3.x86_64                                   2.38.5-1.el9_2.3                    appstream 
webkit2gtk3-devel.i686                               2.38.5-1.el9_2.3                    appstream 
webkit2gtk3-devel.x86_64                             2.38.5-1.el9_2.3                    appstream 
webkit2gtk3-jsc.i686                                 2.38.5-1.el9_2.3                    appstream 
webkit2gtk3-jsc.x86_64                               2.38.5-1.el9_2.3                    appstream 
webkit2gtk3-jsc-devel.i686                           2.38.5-1.el9_2.3                    appstream 
webkit2gtk3-jsc-devel.x86_64                         2.38.5-1.el9_2.3                    appstream 
webrtc-audio-processing.i686                         0.3.1-8.el9                         appstream 
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                       0.3.1-8.el9                         appstream 
weldr-client.x86_64                                  35.9-1.el9                          appstream 
wget.x86_64                                          1.21.1-7.el9                        appstream 
whois.x86_64                                         5.5.9-4.el9                         appstream 
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.5.9-4.el9                         appstream 
wireguard-tools.x86_64                               1.0.20210914-2.el9                  appstream 
wireless-regdb.noarch                                2020.11.20-6.el9                    baseos    
wireplumber.x86_64                                   0.4.8-1.el9                         appstream 
wireplumber-libs.i686                                0.4.8-1.el9                         appstream 
wireplumber-libs.x86_64                              0.4.8-1.el9                         appstream 
wireshark.x86_64                                     1:3.4.10-4.el9                      appstream 
wireshark-cli.i686                                   1:3.4.10-4.el9                      appstream 
wireshark-cli.x86_64                                 1:3.4.10-4.el9                      appstream 
woff2.i686                                           1.0.2-15.el9                        appstream 
woff2.x86_64                                         1.0.2-15.el9                        appstream 
words.noarch                                         3.0-39.el9                          baseos    
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                1:2.10-4.el9                        baseos    
wpebackend-fdo.i686                                  1.10.0-3.el9                        appstream 
wpebackend-fdo.x86_64                                1.10.0-3.el9                        appstream 
wsmancli.x86_64                                      2.6.0-16.el9                        appstream 
x3270.x86_64                                         4.0ga14-2.el9                       baseos    
x3270-text.x86_64                                    4.0ga14-2.el9                       baseos    
x3270-x11.x86_64                                     4.0ga14-2.el9                       appstream 
xalan-j2.noarch                                      2.7.2-10.el9                        appstream 
xapian-core.x86_64                                   1.4.18-5.el9                        appstream 
xapian-core-libs.i686                                1.4.18-5.el9                        appstream 
xapian-core-libs.x86_64                              1.4.18-5.el9                        appstream 
xcb-util.i686                                        0.4.0-19.el9                        appstream 
xcb-util.x86_64                                      0.4.0-19.el9                        appstream 
xcb-util-image.i686                                  0.4.0-19.el9                        appstream 
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                0.4.0-19.el9                        appstream 
xcb-util-keysyms.i686                                0.4.0-17.el9                        appstream 
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                              0.4.0-17.el9                        appstream 
xcb-util-renderutil.i686                             0.3.9-20.el9                        appstream 
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                           0.3.9-20.el9                        appstream 
xcb-util-wm.i686                                     0.4.1-22.el9                        appstream 
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                   0.4.1-22.el9                        appstream 
xdg-dbus-proxy.x86_64                                0.1.3-1.el9                         appstream 
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                            1.12.4-1.el9                        appstream 
xdg-desktop-portal-gnome.x86_64                      41.2-2.el9                          appstream 
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                        1.12.0-3.el9                        appstream 
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                 0.17-10.el9                         appstream 
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                             0.10-22.el9                         appstream 
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.1.3-11.el9                        appstream 
xdp-tools.x86_64                                     1.3.1-1.el9                         appstream 
xerces-j2.noarch                                     2.12.1-6.el9                        appstream 
xfsdump.x86_64                                       3.1.10-1.el9                        baseos    
xfsprogs.i686                                        5.14.2-1.el9                        baseos    
xfsprogs.x86_64                                      5.14.2-1.el9                        baseos    
xfsprogs-devel.i686                                  5.14.2-1.el9                        appstream 
xfsprogs-devel.x86_64                                5.14.2-1.el9                        appstream 
xfsprogs-xfs_scrub.x86_64                            5.14.2-1.el9                        appstream 
xhtml1-dtds.noarch                                   1.0-20020801.14.el9                 appstream 
xhtml2fo-style-xsl.noarch                            20051222-24.el9                     appstream 
xkbcomp.x86_64                                       1.4.4-4.el9                         appstream 
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.33-2.el9                          appstream 
xkeyboard-config-devel.noarch                        2.33-2.el9                          appstream 
xml-commons-apis.noarch                              1.4.01-36.el9                       appstream 
xml-commons-resolver.noarch                          1.2-36.el9                          appstream 
xmlrpc-c.i686                                        1.51.0-16.el9                       appstream 
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                      1.51.0-16.el9                       appstream 
xmlrpc-c-client.i686                                 1.51.0-16.el9                       appstream 
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                               1.51.0-16.el9                       appstream 
xmlsec1.i686                                         1.2.29-9.el9                        appstream 
xmlsec1.x86_64                                       1.2.29-9.el9                        appstream 
xmlsec1-nss.i686                                     1.2.29-9.el9                        appstream 
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                   1.2.29-9.el9                        appstream 
xmlsec1-openssl.i686                                 1.2.29-9.el9                        appstream 
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                               1.2.29-9.el9                        appstream 
xmlstarlet.x86_64                                    1.6.1-20.el9                        appstream 
xmlto.x86_64                                         0.0.28-17.el9                       appstream 
xmlto-tex.noarch                                     0.0.28-17.el9                       appstream 
xmlto-xhtml.noarch                                   0.0.28-17.el9                       appstream 
xorg-x11-drivers.x86_64                              2021-4.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-dummy.x86_64                            0.3.7-17.el9                        appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                            2.10.6-12.el9                       appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                            0.5.0-11.el9                        appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                         1.0.1-3.el9                         appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-v4l.x86_64                              0.3.0-10.el9                        appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                           13.2.1-18.el9                       appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                            1.0.0-1.el9.0.1                     appstream 
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64             1.0.0-1.el9.0.1                     appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-100dpi.noarch                         7.5-33.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-75dpi.noarch                          7.5-33.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-75dpi.noarch                7.5-33.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-100dpi.noarch              7.5-33.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-75dpi.noarch               7.5-33.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-100dpi.noarch              7.5-33.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-75dpi.noarch               7.5-33.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-2-100dpi.noarch               7.5-33.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-2-75dpi.noarch                7.5-33.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-100dpi.noarch               7.5-33.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-75dpi.noarch                7.5-33.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                          7.5-33.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-cyrillic.noarch                       7.5-33.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ethiopic.noarch                       7.5-33.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                           7.5-33.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                          2021.4-2.el9                        appstream 
xorg-x11-server-Xdmx.x86_64                          1.20.11-17.el9                      appstream 
xorg-x11-server-Xephyr.x86_64                        1.20.11-17.el9                      appstream 
xorg-x11-server-Xnest.x86_64                         1.20.11-17.el9                      appstream 
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                          1.20.11-17.el9                      appstream 
xorg-x11-server-Xvfb.x86_64                          1.20.11-17.el9                      appstream 
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                      21.1.3-7.el9                        appstream 
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                        1.20.11-17.el9                      appstream 
xorg-x11-server-utils.x86_64                         7.7-44.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-utils.x86_64                                7.5-40.el9                          appstream 
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                1:1.1-10.el9                        appstream 
xorg-x11-xbitmaps.noarch                             1.1.1-23.el9                        appstream 
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                1.4.0-11.el9                        appstream 
xorg-x11-xinit-session.x86_64                        1.4.0-11.el9                        appstream 
xorriso.x86_64                                       1.5.4-4.el9                         appstream 
xrestop.x86_64                                       0.4-29.el9                          appstream 
xsane.x86_64                                         0.999-42.el9                        appstream 
xsane-common.x86_64                                  0.999-42.el9                        appstream 
xterm.x86_64                                         366-8.el9                           appstream 
xterm-resize.x86_64                                  366-8.el9                           appstream 
xxhash.x86_64                                        0.8.1-3.el9                         appstream 
xxhash-libs.i686                                     0.8.1-3.el9                         appstream 
xxhash-libs.x86_64                                   0.8.1-3.el9                         appstream 
xz-devel.i686                                        5.2.5-8.el9_0                       appstream 
xz-java.noarch                                       1.8-14.el9                          appstream 
xz-libs.i686                                         5.2.5-8.el9_0                       baseos    
xz-lzma-compat.x86_64                                5.2.5-8.el9_0                       appstream 
yajl.i686                                            2.1.0-21.el9                        appstream 
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-21.el9                        appstream 
yara.i686                                            4.2.3-1.el9                         appstream 
yara.x86_64                                          4.2.3-1.el9                         appstream 
yelp.x86_64                                          2:40.3-2.el9                        appstream 
yelp-libs.i686                                       2:40.3-2.el9                        appstream 
yelp-libs.x86_64                                     2:40.3-2.el9                        appstream 
yelp-tools.noarch                                    40.0-3.el9                          appstream 
yelp-xsl.noarch                                      40.2-1.el9                          appstream 
yum-utils.noarch                                     4.3.0-5.el9_2                       baseos    
zenity.x86_64                                        3.32.0-8.el9                        appstream 
zlib.i686                                            1.2.11-39.el9                       baseos    
zlib-devel.i686                                      1.2.11-39.el9                       appstream 
zram-generator.x86_64                                0.3.2-7.el9                         appstream 
zsh.x86_64                                           5.8-9.el9                           baseos    
zziplib.i686                                         0.13.71-9.el9                       appstream 
zziplib.x86_64                                       0.13.71-9.el9                       appstream 
zziplib-utils.x86_64                                 0.13.71-9.el9                       appstream 
